<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-01-22 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-01-22 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-01-22.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/22/1337">1337</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>We all know I&#x2019;m a super-1337 h4x0r. But what have I done today (and yesterday) that&#x2019;s so 1337?</p>

<p>Yesterday I went to Maplin with my less-1337-than-me friend known as Niall. I purchased a null modem cable. As a result I can connect my laptop to astro (my desktop) and use it as a terminal. It&#x2019;s so cool. I shall experiment more with it tomorrow (and maybe try and stop minicom from crashing all the time).</p>

<p>Just now I made magic happen with MultiViews and mod_rewrite. Now as you may notice, everything is refered to by a simple name with no horrible <code>.html</code>, for example. This is thanks you MultiViews. I&#x2019;d been having some trouble getting <code>sunc</code> to rewrite to <code>sunc.cgi</code>. Niall&#x2019;s great idea was to stick <code>sunc.cgi</code> in a seperate directory. And guess what, it worked! I love you, Niall. Now that I have these nice URIs I shall keep them free from link-rot as far as is humanly possible.</p>

<p>I came across an <a href="http://www.aetherlumina.com/html/sucks.html" title="Why All Web Standards Suck">interesting article</a>. The author brings up some good points. Possibly some things that need to be fixed if we expect anybody but standards geeks to create good Web pages.</p>

<p>I did wonder at &#x2018;valid&#x2019; and &#x2018;will be valid forever&#x2019;. For example, <a href="http://www.easyspace.com/">EasySpace</a>&#x2019;s formatted logs claim to be valid HTML 2.0 (I believe) and they are. They were, are, and always will be valid HTML 2.0. Nothing can change that. Specifications don&#x2019;t change.</p>

<p>You know you&#x2019;re a geek when &#x2026;</p>


<blockquote cite="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/good-ol-awstats.html#110637295105592049">
<p>By the way, that was me. You can tell because it&#x2019;s valid XHTML 1.1.</p>
<div class="cite">
<p>URI: <cite>
                <a href="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/good-ol-awstats.html#110637295105592049">Good ol&#x2019; awstats</a>
              </cite>
            </p>
</div>
</blockquote>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-22T06:20:34+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/22/friday-q">Friday Q</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>
          <strong>FQ TOPIC: New.</strong>
        </p>

<p>Hooray!</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ1: What&#x2019;s a new food or drink you&#x2019;ve tried? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>Nothing, really. Unless of course mixing up random food can be counted as new. Yesterday I had Beanfeast Mexican Chilli with noodles and the day before that I had burger sandwiches with polenta. Yummy, yummy.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ2: What&#x2019;s a new television show or movie you&#x2019;ve seen or book you&#x2019;ve read? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>I just started <cite>The Darwin Awards 1</cite>, leant to me by Davina who got it as a 2004-12-25 present.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ3: What&#x2019;s a new place you&#x2019;ve been to or web site you&#x2019;ve visited? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>I discovered <a href="http://www.riddoch.org/linux/terminal/" title="Linux as a serial terminal">this page</a> the other day. It&#x2019;s <em>exactly</em> what I&#x2019;ve been looking for. And unlike Serial Terminal Linux, it wasn&#x2019;t compiled with an Intel-specific kernel and the link to the source hasn&#x2019;t gone rotten. It appears to work. So it&#x2019;s off to Maplin today.</p>

<p>I also revisited <a href="http://anticapslock.com/">anticAPSLOCK.com</a>. I took the plunge and used my <code>~/.Xmodmap</code> to move my caps lock to my left logo key and replaced my caps lock with a control. I then went on to map another escape to the &#x2018; (grave) key (above tab, left of 1, below escape) to make vimming easier. I use the grave all the time so that&#x2019;s been moved to the right logo key.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ NEW: Do the new! What&#x2019;s something new you&#x2019;ve been wanting to try but haven&#x2019;t? What&#x2019;s stopping you?</strong>
        </p>

<p>Coding in <a href="http://clisp.cons.org/">CLISP</a>. I started it &#x2026; but I just stopped. I&#x2019;m sure when I get better at it it will be like a second blogging (in that I get addicted to it, almost). I found some nice tutorials though so I may do some more today.</p>

<p>I also kind of want a <a href="http://store.yahoo.com/pfuca-store/haphackeyser.html">Happy Hacker keyboard</a>. The only problems are that it&#x2019;s a US layout (which could be rather hard to get used to) and that it&#x2019;s <a href="http://www.linuxemporium.co.uk/products/hardware/">&#xA3;59.00</a>. I could afford it, of course, and I could get used to the layout (or xmodmap the hell out of it). It&#x2019;s just that I might not want to do both when I have a working keyboard already. But it has real meta keys (the diamond key), who could resist such a thing&#x203D;</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-22T05:07:31+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
