<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-03-04 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-03-04 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-03-04.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/04/fq-topic-trust">FQ Topic: Trust</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>
          <a href="http://www.blogography.com/fridayq.html">Friday Q</a>.</p>

<p>FQ1: Who is an actor or director you trust to always make a good film? What is it about their previous works that make you trust them?</p>

<p>Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Because he keeps making good films</p>

<p>FQ2: Where is a place you trust to always make a good food? What is it about their previous culinary creations that make you trust them?</p>

<p>South Square Caf&#xE9; and the Fair Trade Caf&#xE9;.</p>

<p>FQ3: What&#x2019;s a company you trust to always make a good product? What is it about their previous stuff that make you trust them?</p>

<p>Cauldron seem to make the best tofu.</p>

<p>FQ YOU: What is something you do so well that people can absolutely trust you with it? What&#x2019;s something that people should never trust you with?</p>

<p>Writing XHTML and CSS I guess. These days I&#x2019;m not very punctual.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-04T10:19:48+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/04/i-was-physically-assaulted">I was physically assaulted</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>But it&#x2019;s okay, I survived the McDonalds milkshake thrown at me from a moving car.</p>

<p>They came down Great Horton Road and slowed to turn off down the road opposite to the entrance to the university when I was assaulted. They drove off and I wasn&#x2019;t happy. I thought &#x201C;if they come back I shall get their registration number&#x201D;. Luckily they were as predictable as they were idiotic and came back to gloat about their handiwork by laughing at me which is when I got their registration number.</p>

<p>I told Davina on the way home from the Blue Boar and she asked if I wanted to report it so we went to the police station at midnight and reported the idiot.</p>

<p>The car was <code>FH03 TXX</code> if you want to avenge me but I&#x2019;m not too bothered. I was shocked that somebody could hate my coat so much that they&#x2019;d throw animal product at me but I don&#x2019;t care too much for exacting revenge. Well I&#x2019;m assuming they didn&#x2019;t like my coat because it&#x2019;s the most visible thing from a distance at the back and it&#x2019;s the only one of the two things I get the most comments about that&#x2019;s visible from the back (the other is my septum piercing). I don&#x2019;t know of anybody who hates me for a good reason but there are people who don&#x2019;t like me for better reasons than them not liking my clothes or my piercings or my sexuality. Like <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/02/07/djs-phil-and-emma">DJs Phil and Emma</a>.</p>

<p>I considered creating a hate-speech side-blog but then I realised it would be very boring to write or read as I get the same comments mostly.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-04T01:20:59+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/04/links">Links</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>
          <a href="http://www.cydyblog.net/archives/000145.html">Senior Portraits Always Suck</a> (<a href="http://journal.amanita.net/archives/002521.php">via Amanita</a>).</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.kansan.com/stories/2005/feb/24/jayplay_features_more/">The more the merrier</a> (<a href="http://journal.amanita.net/archives/002523.php">Via Amanita</a>). It&#x2019;s about polyamory. When asked if we believed in polyamory in Social Development one day (this must be back during my GCSEs) I was the only one in the class who put their hand up. When I was asked why I believed it was possible I explained something along the lines of &#x201C;you can have more than one platonic relationship so why not more than one romantic relationship&#x201D;.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://news.com.com/The+coming+crackdown+on+blogging/2008-1028_3-5597079.html?tag=nefd.lede">The coming crackdown on blogging</a>. I don&#x2019;t understand. At all. Crazy US people.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2-1508650,00.html">Computer tax set to replace TV licence fee</a> (<a href="http://slashdot.org/articles/05/03/04/0548206.shtml?tid=98&amp;tid=126">via Slashdot</a>). If that happens I&#x2019;m leaving the country. The BBC provide content over the Internet and that&#x2019;s nice of them but I don&#x2019;t use it so why the hell should I pay? They just want to tax me because I&#x2019;m not a consumerist zombie who watches TV all day.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-04T11:18:37+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
