<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-02-07 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-02-07 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-02-07.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/07/blogs-past-and-present">Blogs past and present</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I&#x2019;ve had four URIs for blogs/journals in the past. There is, of course <a href="http://holizz.com/">http://holizz.com/</a>. Some of you may remember <a href="http://holizz.niallfleming.ath.cx/">http://holizz.niallfleming.ath.cx/</a> (which redirects here because I redirected /year/month/etc. and I couldn&#x2019;t be bothered spending a while getting / to leave it be&#x2014;but that&#x2019;s okay, all the content from there is here).</p>

<p>But before that, what was there? Of course! <a href="http://holizz.blogspot.com/">http://holizz.blogspot.com/</a>! That lasted from 2004-08-09 till 2005-01-11 when it was obsoleted by http://holizz.niallfleming.ath.cx/. That wasn&#x2019;t too long now, was it? Only 70 entries.</p>

<p>And before that? Does anybody remember?</p>

<p>Why <a href="http://www.deadjournal.com/~holizz/">http://www.deadjournal.com/~holizz/</a>, of course! That lasted from 2002-11-17 till 2003-10-27. I eventually got bored of it and left it in the capable hands of Summer (because deadjournal is invitation-only). So I&#x2019;ve been blogging (back in my day it was called a journal ;) for two years and three months!</p>

<p>And what brought this nostalgia on, you ask? Why I&#x2019;m doing my <a href="http://www.leatheregg.com/bloggercode/">Blogger Code</a>.</p>

<p>I think I need to create a Web crawler to trawl deadjournal and blogger to get all my entries back. Then I can stick them into my current CMS and have an archive spanning over two years of my life. I think it would be a good idea. It may or may not be easier to simply mirror each site so that the bot doesn&#x2019;t take hours to run.</p>

<p>And my Blogger Code is&#x2026;</p>

<p>
          <code>B7 d t++ k s u-- f i o+ x e l++ c--</code>
        </p>

<p>You can use <a href="http://travis.kroh.net/archives/blogger_decoder.html">this</a> to decode it.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-07T09:09:13+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/07/djs-phil-and-emma">DJs Phil and Emma</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>If, Space-forbid, you are unfamiliar with DJs Phil and Emma: they DJ on a Wednesday night at Bradford Rio. Then often play terrible music. I often request S-Club 7 as it&#x2019;s better than a lot of the shit they play.</p>

<p>I was in the Courtyard bar in the Communal Building with Niall, Wendy, Mike, and Amanda. Stuart had just left. And what does Amanda say? I don&#x2019;t know; I didn&#x2019;t quite hear. &#x201C;Did you just say you knew the Wednesday night DJ at Rios?&#x201D; I inquire. As it turns out her boyfriend shares an abode with DJ Phil and Emma.</p>

<p>She then went on to mention somebody who always requests S-Club 7 on a Wednesday. Wow. Phil/Emma has noticed me. Summer was mentioned too. Apparently they want to slap us.</p>

<p>I only joked about it before. But we really <em>are</em> the celebrities of Rios.</p>

<p>The other Friday DJ Simon pushed Summer and stood on my foot, which either means he&#x2019;s very clumsy or he hates us. So maybe everybody <em>does</em> hate us. I do hope so.</p>

<p>Oh yeah, we got the results for KSCP1 (the formal report&#x2014;ours was called The Internet: Beyond the Porn). Our group (consisting of myself, Stuart, Will and John) got 14/20, not bad. I&#x2019;ll upload a copy once I decide on a URI for it.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-07T16:20:44+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
