<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-01 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-01 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-01.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/11/the-beginning">The Beginning</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This is my new blog (<a href="http://holizz.blogspot.com/">old blog</a>). Thank you, <a href="http://www.niallfleming.co.uk/" rel="friend met colleague">Niall</a>, for the hosting.</p>

<p>So maybe sunc is full of cheap hacks and it doesn&#x2019;t have comments (yet). It&#x2019;s still better than <a href="http://www.blogger.com/">Blogger</a>, which makes it near-impossible to have good XHTML. It was just a case of &#x201C;I can wait a few years for Blogger to implement something sensible or I can write my own&#x201D;.</p>

<p>No comments, of course. So for now use email. My address is in the about page.</p>

<p>I could implement comments in five minutes (slight hyperbolation there) but really, they need some time to be implemented otherwise they&#x2019;ll end up insecure and such. I expect I&#x2019;ll use Gravatar with the comments too. It&#x2019;ll use my Gravatar cache, which will reduce the strain on gravatar.com. And to be nice to Niall the gravatars will be served from my account on lamp.</p>

<p>The CMS has a nice DWIM thing to make sure it does what I mean. Like with my &#x201C;quotes&#x201D; and&#x2014;dashes. It even has interrobangs (interrobangs&#x203D;). It&#x2019;s great fun.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-11T22:05:47+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/friday-q">Friday Q</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>FQ TOPIC: Help.</p>

<p>FQ1: What happened the last time you needed help?</p>

<p>Will told me NetBSD had floppies, which I hadn&#x2019;t previously noticed.</p>

<p>FQ2: What happened the last time you helped somebody else?</p>

<p>I expect Stuart added that bit of code to his <code>Library.java</code>.</p>

<p>FQ3: What happened the last time you helped yourself?</p>

<p>Not much. I helped myself to some malt loaf.</p>

<p>FQ ASSIST: Do something to help somebody today! Got a few extra dollars? Donate it to the Tsunami Relief Efforts (like the Red Cross at Amazon) or some other worthy cause. Don&#x2019;t have a few dollars to spare? Take a minute and use a FREE "click-to-donate" site (like The Hunger Site) or other worthy activity. How did you help today?</p>

<p>I was planning on donating that &#xA3;15 I still owe to Comic Relief to Debian or the Wikipedia when I got my next loan payment. But today I was planning on doing some thinking and planning relating to a Free AO/AE clone, which I&#x2019;ve been thinking about for a while.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T19:53:41+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/linkification">Linkification</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>
          <a href="http://www.apple.com/uk/macmini/">Ooo, baby Mac</a>. I&#x2019;d buy one if the price weren&#x2019;t bloated by software (which I&#x2019;d wipe anyway).</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.wired.com/news/ebiz/0,1272,66226,00.html">Verizon (US ISP) blocks email from Europe</a>.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.snopes.com/autos/accident/seatbelt.asp">Anti-seatbelt person dies in car accident</a>. If I drove (and had a car) I wouldn&#x2019;t let anybody not wear a seat belt, especially if they were sitting behind me. They could kill me.</p>

<p>(<a href="http://www.neilturner.me.uk/">all via</a>)</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2005/01/11/open_source_google_scraper/">Google scraper, etc.</a>. (<a href="http://www.newsforge.com/">via</a>)</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://compression.ca/act/act-jpeg.html">JPEG compression tests</a>. (<a href="http://slashdot.org/">via</a>)</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://software.newsforge.com/software/05/01/06/1557225.shtml?tid=132">10 ways to pay back the open source community</a>.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.opera.com/pressreleases/en/2005/01/12/">Opera free for educational institutions</a>. At least it&#x2019;s not IE.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.computerweekly.com/articles/article.asp?liArticleID=136077&amp;liArticleTypeID=1&amp;liCategoryID=1&amp;liChannelID=1&amp;liFlavourID=1&amp;sSearch=&amp;nPage=1">A nice little review of Python</a>.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.newsday.com/news/local/longisland/ny-lijoke124112175jan12,0,2936521.story?coll=ny-topstories-headlines">Arrested for telling jokes</a>.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.ecdl.com/">Stupid fucks</a>. Aparently it requires Javascript to redirect you to <a href="http://www.ecdl.com/main/index.php">here</a>. Oh, and some of the sample test papers come in self-extracting Windows executables. This requires another email.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.orangecrate.com/article.php?sid=939">Interview with some law undergraduate</a>.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://koti.mbnet.fi/lsoft/formido/formido.html">Great game. With giant bugs. That you shoot.</a>
        </p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T19:55:57+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/misc">Misc.</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <blockquote>
<p>The first thing FreeDOS did was reboot and the second thing it did was reboot and the third thing it did was crash.</p>

<p>I think it&#x2019;s a pretty good clone of DOS.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>How to make Tom laugh at 2am:</p>
<p>&#x201C;Build Your Own BSD Beer Brewing Control System&#x201D;</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T19:55:57+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/neils-meme">Neil&#x2019;s Meme</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This meme sponsored by <a href="http://www.neilturner.me.uk/2005/Jan/15/meme_a_trois.html">Neil</a>.</p>

<p>3 names you go by:</p>
<ol>
<li>Tom</li>
<li>Holizz</li>
<li>Holly</li>
</ol>

<p>3 screen names you have:</p>
<ol>
<li>Everywhere: holizz</li>
<li>Everywhere else: holizz</li>
<li>University: tadams2 (bloody generated username)</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things you like about yourself:</p>
<ol>
<li>My overall fantasticness</li>
<li>Geekyness that goes above and beyond the call of duty</li>
<li>Prettyness</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things you <del>hate/</del>dislike about yourself:</p>
<ol>
<li>Social anxiety</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ol>

<p>3 parts of your heritage:</p>
<ol>
<li>Don&#x2019;t</li>
<li>Understand</li>
<li>Question</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things that <del>scare you</del> <ins>make you anxious</ins>:</p>
<ol>
<li>Specific social situations</li>
<li>Townies</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ol>

<p>3 of your everyday essentials:</p>
<p>
          <ins>Ambiguous question</ins>
        </p>
<ol>
<li>astro, my desktop</li>
<li>Coding</li>
<li>Food</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things youre wearing right now:</p>
<ul>
<li>Earrings, translucent purple 5/8 inch silicon eyelets</li>
<li>Trousers, purple with plenty of pockets</li>
<li>T-shirt, white Pink Pineapple Palaeoscincus</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite bands/artists <ins>at the moment</ins>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cradle of Filth</li>
<li>Dimmu Borgir</li>
<li>Nightwish</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite songs at present:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cradle of Filth&#x2014;Lord Abortion</li>
<li>Dimmu Borgir&#x2014;Progenies of The Great Apocalypse</li>
<li>Cradle of Filth&#x2014;Cruelty Brought Thee Orchids</li>
</ul>

<p>3 new things you want to try in the next 12 months:</p>
<ul>
<li>Learn another language or learn more of a language I already know.</li>
<li>Contribute something (software, probably) useful to the world. I think I&#x2019;m at a point where I can write something useful (wasn&#x2019;t my Gravatar cache useful? Apparently not as nobody used it) or at least contribute something useful to an existing project.</li>
<li>Enjoying a completely new field that I haven&#x2019;t tried before (i.e. outside of computing). Inside computing, artificial intelligence would be an interesting field to study. There&#x2019;s a module on it next year, I shall probably take it&#x2014;the final-year AI For Games is sponsored by Microsoft so I probably won&#x2019;t touch it with a barge pole unless I suddenly develop an intense interest in AI and games (which I could learn about from a million other sources&#x2014;and I probably will at some point).</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want in a relationship (love is a given):</p>
<p>
          <ins>Any particular variety of relationship or just in general? Just in general then.</ins>
        </p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding</li>
<li>Fun</li>
<li>Meaningful conversations</li>
</ul>

<p>2 truths and a lie:</p>
<ul>
<li>I am considering getting a vertical bridge piercing</li>
<li>I am considering writing a Pygame-based clone of Oddworld: Abe&#x2019;s Oddysee/Oddword: Abe&#x2019;s Exoddus</li>
<li>I am considering installing Microsoft Windows as my main OS</li>
</ul>
<p>Go on, guess.</p>

<p>3 physical things about a love interest that appeal to me:</p>
<ul>
<li>Body modifications</li>
<li>The size of their &#x2026; flash disk</li>
<li>I ran out of sensible and ironic answers</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you just can&#x2019;t do:</p>
<ul>
<li>Use Java. It&#x2019;s painful and frustrating</li>
<li>Be needlessly mean</li>
<li>Spend more than 10 minutes installing software using floppies. It just irritates me so</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite hobbies:</p>
<ul>
<li>Coding</li>
<li>Learning</li>
<li>Dancing</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want to do <del>really badly</del> right now:</p>
<p>
          <ins>If I wanted to do something really badly I&#x2019;d have done it by now.</ins>
        </p>
<ul>
<li>Eat. I&#x2019;d love a bagel. But I ate them all last week.</li>
<li>Have a shower &#x2026; soon.</li>
<li>Install NetBSD on my laptop. After my shower.</li>
</ul>

<p>3 careers you&#x2019;re considering:</p>
<ol>
<li>Web programming. Coding all day. Good fun</li>
<li>Web usability. Less fun than pure coding but still good</li>
<li>Miscellaneous programming. Not for Electronic Arts though</li>
</ol>

<p>3 places you want to go on <del>vacation</del> <ins>holiday</ins>:</p>
<ol>
<li>I don&#x2019;t mind where I go on holiday as long as I get to code and learn</li>
<li>But I wouldn&#x2019;t mind going to Sweden or</li>
<li>Finland</li>
</ol>

<p>3 kids&#x2019; names (either boy or girl):</p>
<ul>
<li>Holly</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want to do before you die:</p>
<ul>
<li>Self-actualise. I may or may not have already self-actualised. At the moment I spend all my time doing enjoyable things that I like doing, including learning. So maybe I am self-actualised. I haven&#x2019;t taken the time to ponder about that lately.</li>
<li>Contribute lots of useful software (and maybe other stuff like a book) to the world.</li>
<li>Learn new things: specifically I want to learn more psychology and another language to a level where I&#x2019;m almost as good as a native user of the language.</li>
</ul>

<p>3 people who have to take this quiz now (unless you&#x2019;re too chicken!):</p>
<ol>
<li>I&#x2019;m</li>
<li>Not</li>
<li>Forcing &#x2026; anyone</li>
</ol>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T19:53:41+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/not-oddworld">Not-Oddworld: Abe&#x2019;s Non&#x2013;Copyright-Infringing Free (Software) Clone</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Catchy title, eh?</p>

<p>I am currently pondering a free clone of Oddworld: Abe&#x2019;s Oddysee/Exoddus. It should certainly be done. I have fond memories of that game. Anybody interested (in writing code, doing artwork or is simply interested in the idea) should contact a user named <code>holizz</code> via a host named <code>gmail.com</code>.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m thinking either Python/Pygame for speed, clarity and portability of code or C++/SDL for speed of execution. Possibly even C++/SDL (for the engine) <em>and</em> Python (for the logic). The only problem is that I&#x2019;ve forgotten most of the C++ I knew and I&#x2019;ve never used SDL and I&#x2019;m not that good with Pygame. But I&#x2019;ll learn what I need to when the language is decided upon.</p>

<p>It should be fun to write, whatever language/library I choose. A rather multidisciplinary endeavour. Games aren&#x2019;t a field I&#x2019;ve done much work in previously so it will be exciting.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T20:25:31+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/oh-dear-oh-dear">Oh Dear, Oh Dear</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>For some unknown reason (possibly increased traffic due to me&#x2014;I told you I was popular), <a href="http://niallfleming.ath.cx/">aranor</a> was down for a few days. That was unfortunate. I just posted about four entries from the few days it was down.</p>

<p>But it&#x2019;s back up. So we&#x2019;re all happy. Apart from me. Who just posted something with block elements in it, which sunc can&#x2019;t handle very well (or at all).</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T20:15:42+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/18/guess-what-i-was-today">Guess what I was today!</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Fired.</p>

<p>It was only a voluntary job, but it was still the best damn job I ever had.</p>

<p>My job was to Web master for <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/">South Square Centre</a>. I put a lot of time and effort into it. See <a href="http://lamp.inf.brad.ac.uk:59279/2005/01/2005-01-18_fired.jpg">screen dump</a> from today (my lovely Trinity style!).</p>

<p>I was fired because the trainee curator of the <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/gallery/">gallery</a> apparently has to &#x201C;design and maintain a Web site&#x201D; as part of her training. I personally think it&#x2019;s a bad idea to force people who may know nothing about computers to &#x201C;design and maintain a Web site&#x201D;, especially when there may be better people for the job. If a curator trained at the <a href="http://www.tate.org.uk/">Tate</a> (very popular gallery in London), for example, they probably wouldn&#x2019;t be <em>allowed</em> to create and maintain the Tate&#x2019;s Web site. Why would whatever body is examining Bob expect her to be able to do things in more than one field well? It&#x2019;s like expecting computer geeks to have a thorough understanding of sociology. Curators should <em>curate</em> and Web designers should <em>design Web sites</em>.</p>

<p>I have no ill will towards Bob or anybody else at South Square. I&#x2019;m just a little pissed-off as I&#x2019;m sure is understandable.</p>

<p>I spent so much effort on that Web site. I wrote a CMS, I wrote a Makefile to simplify backups (MySQL and source dumps), compiling (using the Python code to generate a static copy of the data in the MySQL database), uploading and cleaning (deleting everything that can be re-generated). I even did a fucking usability test! Sure the test wasn&#x2019;t very good, but I got <em>vital</em> information from it (the participant thought the &#x201C;gallery&#x201D; anchor would link to a gallery of art rather than information about the gallery).</p>

<p>For completeness: Here&#x2019;s the <a href="http://lamp.inf.brad.ac.uk:59279/2005/01/final_ssq_dump/">final dump</a> of the source and MySQL table. Anything written by me (i.e. the code) is GPL, anything written by others (i.e. some of the site content) is copyright them.</p>

<p>Oh, and I had the Foundations of HCI exam (my only exam this exam period) today. It didn&#x2019;t go too well. Terribly, in fact&#x2014;as bad as my psychology exams went last year and the year before that, I&#x2019;d say. I understand and love HCI but I just couldn&#x2019;t answer the questions, much like psychology. I know and can apply the knowledge but it doesn&#x2019;t come through in my exams.</p>

<p>All-in-all, not a good day.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-18T23:46:39+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/18/when-i-grow-up">&#x201C;What I want to do when I grow up&#x201D;</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Inspired by Buncey&#x2019;s most recent <a href="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/when-i-gwow-up.html">entry</a>, I shall now speak at great length (yeah, right) about what <em>I</em> wanted to do when I grew up (I&#x2019;m unsure as to whether it should be &#x2018;grew&#x2019; or &#x2018;grow&#x2019;).</p>

<p>My first memory of &#x201C;what I want to do when I grow up&#x201D; was that I wanted to be an aerodynamic engineer. Probably because at that time I had a preoccupation with paper aeroplanes. Coming to think of it, it was almost like programming. There was a car advert where this man threw a paper aeroplane and it came back to him; he&#x2019;d designed it such that it would fly in a circle and return to him. The concept of aerodynamics fascinated me.</p>

<p>I couldn&#x2019;t help mentioning it: Theme Park. Great game. But I never wanted to be a theme park manager or lay rubber tubing (or tubbing as I referred to it). That&#x2019;s just <em>crazy</em>.</p>

<p>Next I wanted to be a game developer. Probably around the time I was very into Oddworld (i.e. before Munch&#x2019;s Oddysee and before Oddworld Forums imploded). I expect I realised game development involved effort (back then I didn&#x2019;t know about &#x2018;crunches&#x2019; and EA Games). Then I gave up on that idea. I think I was doing very simple things in C and C++ back then.</p>

<p>Then several years past where I had no idea what I wanted to do &#x201C;when I grew up&#x201D;. I wouldn&#x2019;t have minded but those few years included my A-Levels where knowing what I wanted to do could have been useful. In fact when I applied to UCAS for university last December (<em>late</em> December&#x2014;possibly even early January&#x2014;when the deadline was 17 January (2004-01-17)) I applied to several Teaching courses and &#x201C;<a href="http://www.lincoln.ac.uk/courses/interactive-multimedia/index.shtm">Interactive Multimedia</a>&#x201D; at Lincoln University (on the Hull campus). I later regretted this decision and applied through Clearing to the University of Bradford to do Computer Science. I didn&#x2019;t quite have the grades but they obviously had a few spare places, which was good because the first year is mostly below me so the foundation year (which I had the UCAS points for) would have been pure hell.</p>

<p>And do I know what I want to do &#x201C;when I grow up&#x201D; now? I think a career in Web design would be good. Coding. Possibly even some usability work.</p>

<p>At the moment I don&#x2019;t know whether I want to work for a company or work freelance or even start my own small business. The small business idea could be fun. There&#x2019;d be a server running CVS so everybody could contribute to one project without excessive emails of &#x201C;here&#x2019;s the file&#x2026;&#x201D; and there&#x2019;d be a Wiki. But looking past the fun part, it would be difficult to organise and possibly hard to get work. I could always do that as a side job, possibly with a friend or two if it&#x2019;s a big project.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-18T00:40:23+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/20/sarge-installation-and-new-prettyness">Sarge installation and new prettyness</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I am writing to you from <code>tty2</code> while the <a href="http://www.debian.org/">Debian</a> Sarge/Testing installer is downloading packages in <code>tty1</code>. It&#x2019;s very exciting. Well, not really. I installed Stable from CD-ROM before but I replaced it with Knoppix after a short while of being thoroughly confused. Now I&#x2019;m 1337er and I understand how to use Debian&#x2019;s APT tools. Before this I spent a good few hours backing up everything in my home directory to my smaller hard disk, including about 6 GB of <code>~/media/</code>.</p>

<p>As you may have noticed, I implemented a new style recently. I think I wrote most of it in the early hours of this morning. It has no name. I shall now explain my thoughts behind it. (Yes, I am about to explain a pretty CSS style-sheet from a text-only terminal).</p>

<p>As you can probably see, the vast majority of the page is just entries. There&#x2019;s no blogroll at the side to squash the entries. The blogroll is at the bottom as an inline list, which probably makes it harder to scan but I think it&#x2019;s advantageous to keep it out of the way. The font size is left up to the user as it really has no major effect upon the design.</p>

<p>The image was fun. The &#x2018;H&#x2019; is a Unicode character I thought looked nice. The rest of &#x201C;Holizz&#x201D; is the font Isabelle. The hand writing was, of course, a Unicode character, possibly in &#x2018;Dingbats&#x2019;. &#x201C;versus the Web&#x201D; was, uh, well I don&#x2019;t know.</p>

<p>For some annoying reason Opera likes to render the navigation links incorrectly. One on top of the other, rather than next to each other. Apparently the navigation list works in IE, which is surprising.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m well on my way to having everything installed again. Just like last time, only better.</p>

<p>Deary me, I just discovered that the base installation doesn&#x2019;t include <code>bzip2</code>! That means I&#x2019;ll have to install it before I can start untarring everything. What a heinous crime!</p>

<p>Well then. Everything&#x2019;s downloaded and I configured my configurations and Sarge rules. Like Knoppix (Debian-based) but cleaner because it doesn&#x2019;t have all the crap Knoppix had.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-20T01:08:06+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/22/1337">1337</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>We all know I&#x2019;m a super-1337 h4x0r. But what have I done today (and yesterday) that&#x2019;s so 1337?</p>

<p>Yesterday I went to Maplin with my less-1337-than-me friend known as Niall. I purchased a null modem cable. As a result I can connect my laptop to astro (my desktop) and use it as a terminal. It&#x2019;s so cool. I shall experiment more with it tomorrow (and maybe try and stop minicom from crashing all the time).</p>

<p>Just now I made magic happen with MultiViews and mod_rewrite. Now as you may notice, everything is refered to by a simple name with no horrible <code>.html</code>, for example. This is thanks you MultiViews. I&#x2019;d been having some trouble getting <code>sunc</code> to rewrite to <code>sunc.cgi</code>. Niall&#x2019;s great idea was to stick <code>sunc.cgi</code> in a seperate directory. And guess what, it worked! I love you, Niall. Now that I have these nice URIs I shall keep them free from link-rot as far as is humanly possible.</p>

<p>I came across an <a href="http://www.aetherlumina.com/html/sucks.html" title="Why All Web Standards Suck">interesting article</a>. The author brings up some good points. Possibly some things that need to be fixed if we expect anybody but standards geeks to create good Web pages.</p>

<p>I did wonder at &#x2018;valid&#x2019; and &#x2018;will be valid forever&#x2019;. For example, <a href="http://www.easyspace.com/">EasySpace</a>&#x2019;s formatted logs claim to be valid HTML 2.0 (I believe) and they are. They were, are, and always will be valid HTML 2.0. Nothing can change that. Specifications don&#x2019;t change.</p>

<p>You know you&#x2019;re a geek when &#x2026;</p>


<blockquote cite="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/good-ol-awstats.html#110637295105592049">
<p>By the way, that was me. You can tell because it&#x2019;s valid XHTML 1.1.</p>
<div class="cite">
<p>URI: <cite>
                <a href="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/good-ol-awstats.html#110637295105592049">Good ol&#x2019; awstats</a>
              </cite>
            </p>
</div>
</blockquote>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-22T06:20:34+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/22/friday-q">Friday Q</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>
          <strong>FQ TOPIC: New.</strong>
        </p>

<p>Hooray!</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ1: What&#x2019;s a new food or drink you&#x2019;ve tried? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>Nothing, really. Unless of course mixing up random food can be counted as new. Yesterday I had Beanfeast Mexican Chilli with noodles and the day before that I had burger sandwiches with polenta. Yummy, yummy.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ2: What&#x2019;s a new television show or movie you&#x2019;ve seen or book you&#x2019;ve read? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>I just started <cite>The Darwin Awards 1</cite>, leant to me by Davina who got it as a 2004-12-25 present.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ3: What&#x2019;s a new place you&#x2019;ve been to or web site you&#x2019;ve visited? How&#x2019;d it go?</strong>
        </p>

<p>I discovered <a href="http://www.riddoch.org/linux/terminal/" title="Linux as a serial terminal">this page</a> the other day. It&#x2019;s <em>exactly</em> what I&#x2019;ve been looking for. And unlike Serial Terminal Linux, it wasn&#x2019;t compiled with an Intel-specific kernel and the link to the source hasn&#x2019;t gone rotten. It appears to work. So it&#x2019;s off to Maplin today.</p>

<p>I also revisited <a href="http://anticapslock.com/">anticAPSLOCK.com</a>. I took the plunge and used my <code>~/.Xmodmap</code> to move my caps lock to my left logo key and replaced my caps lock with a control. I then went on to map another escape to the &#x2018; (grave) key (above tab, left of 1, below escape) to make vimming easier. I use the grave all the time so that&#x2019;s been moved to the right logo key.</p>

<p>
          <strong>FQ NEW: Do the new! What&#x2019;s something new you&#x2019;ve been wanting to try but haven&#x2019;t? What&#x2019;s stopping you?</strong>
        </p>

<p>Coding in <a href="http://clisp.cons.org/">CLISP</a>. I started it &#x2026; but I just stopped. I&#x2019;m sure when I get better at it it will be like a second blogging (in that I get addicted to it, almost). I found some nice tutorials though so I may do some more today.</p>

<p>I also kind of want a <a href="http://store.yahoo.com/pfuca-store/haphackeyser.html">Happy Hacker keyboard</a>. The only problems are that it&#x2019;s a US layout (which could be rather hard to get used to) and that it&#x2019;s <a href="http://www.linuxemporium.co.uk/products/hardware/">&#xA3;59.00</a>. I could afford it, of course, and I could get used to the layout (or xmodmap the hell out of it). It&#x2019;s just that I might not want to do both when I have a working keyboard already. But it has real meta keys (the diamond key), who could resist such a thing&#x203D;</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-22T05:07:31+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/25/my-canonical-uris">My Canonical URIs</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This morning (it&#x2019;s 04:41 GMT now) I made a major change to my canonical URIs (again). But this time they&#x2019;re almost perfect. I believe they are now as good as they will get for a good while. The only thing likely to change with my URIs any time soon is the domain (which I expect to keep for life&#x2014;which is why I&#x2019;m not rushing out to buy it).</p>

<p>Firstly the path of the homepage of my blog was <code>/sunc.cgi</code>.</p>

<p>Then it was <code>/sunc</code>, which is a whole lot better.</p>

<p>And now it&#x2019;s simply <code>/</code> (the above two correctly redirect to this one&#x2014;even if it was <code>/sunc.cgi/2005/01/&#x2026;</code>).</p>

<p>This will allow me to change to a static archive in the future without altering my canonical URIs.</p>

<p>A canonical URI being, simply, the URI that you want to show to people. Consider <code>
            <a href="/about">/about</a>
          </code>. That is the canonical URI for my about page. <em>At the moment</em> the Web server will return to you <code>
            <a href="/about.html">/about.html</a>
          </code>. I could very well become infatuated with PHP in the next year and decide I want the about page to be generated by <code>/about.php</code>. If <code>/about.html</code> was the canonical path then I have a problem&#x2014;what about all the people with <code>/about.html</code> in their bookmarks or links (not to mention the search engines)? They&#x2019;ll get a <code>Document Moved Permanently</code> (I&#x2019;d put up a redirect&#x2014;some Web &#x2018;masters&#x2019; would leave it and expect people to find their own way there). Now this isn&#x2019;t so bad, or is it? Say I have a few more things I want to change from HTML to PHP&#x2014;my <code>.htaccess</code> file will soon become full of redirects (the <code>.htaccess</code> file for <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/">South Square Centre</a> is full of them and it should probably have more&#x2014;<a href="http://2005/01/18/guess-what-i-was-today" title="Guess what I was today!">but alas</a>).</p>

<p>My <code>.htaccess</code> file will start to collect <code>Redirect</code> directives and it will be a nightmare to keep up-to-date. And this is why I like <code>/about</code>. How do you do this, you ask?</p>

<p>Well &#x2026;</p>

<p>Add <code>Options +MultiViews</code> to your <code>.htaccess</code> file. And that&#x2019;s it. This is, of course, assuming that your server is running Apache and you&#x2019;re permitted to change that particular option. It&#x2019;s generally neater if you put it in the global Apache configuration if possible.</p>

<p>Here&#x2019;s a nice introduction to good URIs by Tim Burners-Lee: <a href="http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI">Cool URIs don&#x2019;t change</a>
        </p>

<p>If you&#x2019;re not already familiar, <a href="http://httpd.apache.org/docs/mod/mod_rewrite.html">mod_rewrite</a> is rather useful for creating &#x2018;cool&#x2019; URIs to cover up ugly URIs. It&#x2019;s not easy to learn (it took me a couple of days to get it working) but it&#x2019;s a powerful tool.</p>

<p>Blimey, it&#x2019;s 05:46 now. Good night.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-25T05:50:13+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/25/ruby-on-rails-etc">Ruby on Rails, etc.</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>The <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a> home page states:</p>

<blockquote cite="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">
<p>Rails is a full-stack, open-source web framework in Ruby for writing real-world applications with joy and less code than most frameworks spend doing XML sit-ups</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Full-stack means nothing to me. Framework could mean anything. Real-world applications? As opposed to fantasy applications?</p>

<p>From the description I know that Rails is something to do with Ruby and the Web. Really helpful.</p>

<p>So earlier today I spent a good while trying to install Rake, Gem, and Rails.</p>

<p>I eventually found <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebian" title="Rails On Debian">this tutorial</a> and <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebianUnstable" title="Rails On Debian Unstable">this slightly more relevant one</a>.</p>

<p>I followed the advice of Rails and gave it a database and stuff. I then created a thing called &#x2018;blog&#x2019;. It didn&#x2019;t work, of course, when I visited the blog thing at <code>/weblog/</code>. It didn&#x2019;t tell me anything helpful.</p>

<p>So I now have Ruby on Rails installed and I&#x2019;m still in the dark as to what it <em>actually</em> is. I <em>assume</em> that it&#x2019;s something like <a href="http://www.zope.org/">Zope</a> that runs on <a href="http://catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/magic-story.html">magic</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>By Space! I just found an amazing Web site: <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/">ABC News</a>. Not a <code>table</code> used for layout in sight! It&#x2019;s not amazing because it&#x2019;s slightly accessible, it&#x2019;s amazing because it&#x2019;s a slightly accessible Web site of a big &#x201C;they&#x2019;ll think what I tell them to&#x201D; corporation. It also tries (but fails) to be XHTML 1.0 Transitional. And if that wasn&#x2019;t enough, it has CSS drop down menus! <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory?id=437251" title="Survey: Users Confuse Search Results, Ads">See</a>!</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>An interesting story about the <a href="http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/mitchell/archives/2005/01/firefox_10_laun_1.html">Firefox 1.0 Launch Day</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I actually found a good theme for Firefox today. So far I&#x2019;ve been using the default theme. It&#x2019;s <a href="https://addons.update.mozilla.org/themes/moreinfo.php?application=firefox&amp;version=1.0+&amp;os=Linux&amp;id=414">Saferfox Xpanded</a> and it&#x2019;s a Cocoa-like theme. It&#x2019;s exactly what I&#x2019;ve been looking for. The theme mostly works apart from a white bar at the bottom of the toolbars and above the tabs.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I also built Firefox today. From source (not from Lego). I tried to compile it for en-GB but it&#x2019;s stuck as en-US for no apparent reason. SVG worked just fine though. The only problem is that the Extensions and Themes dialogs are broken (i.e. no extenstions/themes appear when several are installed and active).</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-25T00:27:57+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/27/google-and-msn-search">Google and MSN Search</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I found an interesting report on <a href="http://www.ivor.it/goog/">the relative rankings of Apache and IIS web servers on Google and MSN (Beta) Search</a>.</p>

<p>I did a little investigating: <a href="http://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&amp;client=firefox&amp;rls=org.mozilla%3Aen-US%3Aunofficial&amp;q=holizz&amp;btnG=Search&amp;meta=">Google for &#x201C;holizz&#x201D;</a>, <a href="http://beta.search.msn.com/results.aspx?q=holizz&amp;srch_type=0&amp;FORM=QBRE">MSN Search for &#x201C;holizz&#x201D;</a>.</p>

<p>On Google, the first result is my old blog. Fair enough as it&#x2019;s been there for a while. The second is another result from my old blog. Next it&#x2019;s my old URI (this is why it&#x2019;s so important never to change URIs), which redirects to the next result, which is my new URI. So my current blog is number three on Google.</p>

<p>MSN Search is another matter altogether. The first result is a comment on Slashdot. The second result is a comment on Slashdot. Then it&#x2019;s my tag on a Wikipedia talk page. Then Slashdot. Heh, my BME personal, but it&#x2019;s a link to a result page so it&#x2019;s outof date and I&#x2019;m no longer there. Then a search result on <a href="http://www.bloglines.com/">Bloglines</a> for &#x201C;beautiful browser&#x201D;. Then a result from some <a href="http://www.wass-up.com/forum/showthread.php?t=45278" title="SoAsians.Com - **&gt;&gt;&gt; LooneY &lt;&lt;&lt;**">Asian community board</a>, which is just somebody trying to spell &#x201C;holiday&#x201D; very, very badly. Then Slashdot. Then <a href="http://www.pubsub.com/linkranks_detail?dom=neilturner.me.uk" title="PubSub LinkRanks Detail">&#x201C;Domains that have linked to neilturner.me.uk in the last 10 days&#x201D;</a>, which includes a link to my old Blogger blog. End of first page.</p>

<p>Well. Not a single link to either my <a href="http://holizz.blogspot.com/">old blog</a> or my current blog. How rude of MSN Beta Search. Not a single result for my blogs on normal MSN Search either.</p>

<p>And just for fun I Googled for &#x201C;Tom Adams&#x201D; (that&#x2019;s my name, don&#x2019;t wear it out). I&#x2019;m number 53. It&#x2019;s not my blog or anything sensible like that, it&#x2019;s <a href="http://www.student.brad.ac.uk/tadams2/2004-2005/the-internet-beyond-the-porn/html/node2.html" title="Usability on the Web">my report on usability</a>. I was thinking <code>2004-2005</code> was a bad URI. But I suppose it&#x2019;s not so bad. And I can&#x2019;t change it now that it&#x2019;s number 53 on Google. Well, I suppose it&#x2019;ll disappear at some point due to me leaving university, but ah well. That&#x2019;s referring to the school year 2004&#x2013;2005, by the way.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-27T12:55:25+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/27/self-actualisation">Self-Actualisation</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I got onto thinking about self-actualisation today. Rather than spend many hours pondering (thus taking away precious time from my latest project which will be unveiled shortly), I thought I&#x2019;d do a <a href="http://www.valeriecoach.com/self-actualizing.html" title="Self-Actualization Quiz">quiz</a>.</p>

<p>For those non-geeks: T means true, NIL means false and then there&#x2019;s <a href="http://catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/M/mu.html">Mu</a>, which means the question makes no sense or doesn&#x2019;t apply to me.</p>

<ol>
<li>
            <strong>Overall, I make growth choices as opposed to fear choices.</strong> T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I listen to my own voice, discover my own preferences and adhere to them.</strong> T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am honest, don&#x2019;t play games and am self-responsible.</strong> T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I dare to be different: a non-conformist, unpopular and socially courageous when need be.</strong> Not sure about <em>socially</em> courageous. But I try. Unpopular? Me? &lt;span class="sarcasm"&gt;I think I think I may just about fit into the non-conformist category.&lt;/span&gt; Uh, I mean, I won&#x2019;t conform to your fascist categories! (Phew, I almost lost my credibility as a non-conformist there ;). T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am willing to arduously prepare, do the thing I want to do well and be as good as I can be.</strong> I&#x2019;m not sure I&#x2019;ve ever had to arduously prepare for anything I wanted to do. Mu/T (actual answer: Mu, answer for statistics: T).</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am a good judge and can easily detect falseness in things and people.</strong> This would be a good case for interviews rather than self-completion questionnaires: I&#x2019;m not sure what the question is asking. Mu and since I doubt I&#x2019;d be good at detecting falseness in people: /NIL.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am open-minded and withhold judgement of the unknown.</strong> I&#x2019;d say T for the most part. I have been known to jump to conclusions (think UML).</li>
<li>
            <strong>I appreciate instinctual pleasures in a balanced, uninhibited way.</strong> I&#x2019;d say T. I like eating and exercise although I don&#x2019;t get enough of either. I dislike masturbation. Pretty balanced.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I love, honour and respect myself.</strong> Of course I do. How could I not love the best hacker in Bradford, possibly even Yorkshire? I just Googled for <a href="http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=hacker+yorkshire">hacker yorkshire</a> and found no hackers living in Yorkshire on the first page. Therefore I am the <em>only</em> hacker in Yorkshire. And yes, I do love the only hacker in Yorkshire. (Hehe). T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I have a wide range of interests and tastes.</strong> I must admit that computing is where the vast majority of my attention and time goes. I like other things. But they&#x2019;re just not as important. NIL.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I have a mission or goal which gets a lot of my time and energy.</strong> T. My mission is, ultimately, to become a great hacker (specialising in the Web, of course). It&#x2019;s entirely possible that I could fail at this goal but I see no reason why considering my estimated life carries on for around another sixty years. I&#x2019;ve learnt this much in 20 years, I&#x2019;m sure I can become a great hacker.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am concerned with philosophical questions.</strong> Not particularly. NIL.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I use privacy for constructive solitude.</strong> T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am teachable and eager to learn from all sources.</strong> As I say, I love nothing more than learning. T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I have strong feelings for humanity/community consciousness.</strong> In what sense? I think Gaia, as implemented in the Foundation series, would be a fantastic thing. Mu/T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am creative, original and inventive.</strong> I&#x2019;d certainly say so. Although at the moment I&#x2019;ve been stuck in a loop. I&#x2019;ve written two CMSes already this year and I wrote one just before the new year and I wrote one a few months back for <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/">South Square</a> (by Space, it&#x2019;s changed, I shall blog about it and post it after this one). T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I have a small (or large) group of friends interested in personal growth and service.</strong> Uh. I&#x2019;m sure most of my friends love personal growth. But to what extent I could not say. I&#x2019;ll say T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I have deep, profound, loving and empathic relationships.</strong> I&#x2019;m not sure I have many relationships like that. NIL.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am kind and respectful to others.</strong> T. I&#x2019;m always polite and respectful. Except inaccessible Web designers. I send them hate mail. But after reading a recent <a href="http://www.dooce.com/archives/daily/01_26_2005.html">post on Dooce</a>, I realise it may not be the best way of going about things. Stay tuned for polite email I send to the Web masters of Web sites that annoy me to death.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am able to enjoy and accept process/being in transition.</strong> I enjoy it more than I used to, so T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I believe in the metaphysical concept of &#x201C;universal good&#x201D;.</strong> I&#x2019;m not sure I do. I thing Socrates had an idea of Universal good as have many philosophers since, but I think in that respect the pre-Socratic philosophers had it right. Wow. I just applied some knowledge I gained from <cite>
              <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sophie%27s_World">Sophie&#x2019;s World</a>
            </cite> NIL.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I experience things fully and vividly, keeping my awareness in the present moment.</strong> But of course. T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I am calm, serene and objective about problems.</strong> Most problems. T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I enjoy being playful. I take life seriously and myself lightly.</strong> T.</li>
<li>
            <strong>I typically act instead of react.</strong> In what situation? Mu/T.</li>
</ol>

<p>Then I count my Ts: 20</p>

<ul>
<li>0&#x2013;6: Self-actualization is still just a concept. Are you ready to explore it further?</li>
<li>6&#x2013;11: You&#x2019;ve made a good beginning. Are you ready to up the ante?</li>
<li>11&#x2013;16: You&#x2019;re almost halfway there. What&#x2019;s next?</li>
<li>16&#x2013;25: Go for the stretch!</li>
</ul>

<p>Woop, I rule.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-27T20:47:29+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/28/south-square-centres-poor-choices">South Square Centre&#x2019;s poor choices</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I was almost crying. They changed the URIs.</p>

<p>For a little context: <a href="/2005/01/18/guess-what-i-was-today">Guess what I was today!</a>
        </p>

<p>Look at the first page of a Google for <a href="http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=site%3Asouthsquarecentre.co.uk">site:southsquarecentre.co.uk</a>. Most of Google&#x2019;s links are to non-existant pages.</p>

<p>So my URI-naming scheme wasn&#x2019;t perfect, at least directories with content didn&#x2019;t just <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/core%20files/" title="Index of /core files/">give a listing</a>. And a space in a directory name? Whose stupid-headed idea was that? And all the files are <code>
            <var>something</var>.htm</code>. Gah, gah, gah! How can they do this? I feel like a part of me has been destroyed. So much effort, all gone!</p>

<p>And that&#x2019;s just the URIs! Also of note is that the new pages are invalid HTML with no DOCTYPE, even. They have images for the navigation text when there is <em>no reason whatsoever to do this</em>&#x2014;they don&#x2019;t even have the excuse of them being &#x201C;rollovers&#x201D;. The image-links don&#x2019;t have alt text either, which is really bloody useful. They&#x2019;re using tables for layout too. And the pages are <em>very</em> bloated, leading me to assume they were created with some inaccessible-shit&#x2013;making machine like Dreamweaver. Also, the logo has been shrunk to fit the navigation bar, not by cropping it or even resizing it. Do you know how they did it? They set its height in HTML. Why? It just looks like a badly&#x2013;scaled-down image.</p>

<p>Enough of the negative: I like the new layout. It&#x2019;s nice.</p>

<p>Enough of the positive: They destroyed something I created! It was good, and accessible. I even did a very small-scale usability study! Well. They want inaccessible shite instead of usable, cool-URI, user-tested, valid-XHTML 1.1 goodness? They can have it!</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-28T01:55:41+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/31/guess-what-i-was-last-night">Guess what I was last night!</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Stoned.</p>

<p>I suppose you&#x2019;d like to know how a nice Straight Edge person like myself came to be in such a state of affairs. It would be a funny story if I didn&#x2019;t hate the experience so much.</p>

<p>Okay, so Niall calls me at about 10pm or something last night (2005-01-30) reminding me about this party I was invited to. So I wander off to his halls. Somebody else is waiting at the door when I prank Niall to let me in. I later learn that she is called Jane (this has very little to do with anything; I&#x2019;m just setting the scene). Amanda lets me and Jane in and we meet Niall on the stairwell (as the party was on the second floor). She mentions this &#x201C;special vegan cake&#x201D;. I assume its veganity is the only particularly special thing about it. <strong>FATAL MISTAKE NUMBER ONE</strong>.</p>

<p>So I&#x2019;m offered a piece of cake and I accept. I eat some of it, it&#x2019;s quite nice. Then I find out the <em>other</em> special feature of the cake: it has cannabis in it. At this point I am thinking &#x201C;Oh shit&#x2026;&#x201D;. She said there was &#xA3;35 of weed in it. I think that rather than forcing myself to throw up, it would be easier just to put up with it. After all, I didn&#x2019;t eat that great a portion of the cake. <strong>FATAL MISTAKE NUMBER TWO</strong>.</p>

<p>So by the time I get home at about 2&#x2013;3am, I am <em>really</em> stoned and I am <em>really</em> not enjoying it. I then write the following:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>I&#x2019;m not in control, even of my own body.</p>

<p>This is terrible, all my senses are blurred. I <em>really</em> don&#x2019;t like it.</p>

<p>&#x201C;I would normally go to bed and read&#x201D; I was thinking. And now I can&#x2019;t, because my mind&#x2019;s all blurred. I wouldn&#x2019;t understand it in this state. This is a terrible feeling. I&#x2019;m having trouble typing, by Space! It&#x2019;s not nice at all. Argh. I&#x2019;m going to go to bed now, because it&#x2019;s making me feel so odd.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>At least I earned one thing from my experience, I now have a very good idea as to why I do not do drugs: I like to be in control of my own body.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m still slightly stoned, it&#x2019;s not a nice feeling.</p>

<p>I believe I learned some valuble lessons:</p>
<ol>
<li>Check for undesireable ingredients other than eggs, milk and honey in cakes.</li>
<li>
            <strong>DO NOT ACCEPT CAKES FROM <del>STRANGERS</del> <ins>ANYONE</ins>
            </strong>.</li>
<li>Throwing up is better than pure hell.</li>
</ol>

<p>Drugs are fantastic things to some people, but to me they are pure hell.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-31T17:41:21+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
