<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-02-13 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-02-13 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-02-13.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/13/made-with-a-non-validating-xml-parser">Made with a non-validating XML parser</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <blockquote>
<p>2. Of course, you should have created at least one of your pages using Notepad or an equivalent of your operating system, such as WordPad, Kate, Emacs&#x2026;</p>
<div class="meta">
<p>URI: <a href="http://www.punkified.net/notepad/">http://www.punkified.net/notepad/</a>
            </p>
</div>
</blockquote>

<p>Notepad is a minimal GUI text editor. How the <em>hell</em> can it be compared to <a href="http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/emacs">Emacs</a>, possibly one of the most powerful text editors on the planet (if not the Universe)? I&#x2019;m not a zealot, mind you. I haven&#x2019;t used Emacs for a long time. I use <a href="http://www.vim.org/">Vim</a>, which may not be as powerful but is the <a href="http://www.linuxjournal.com/xstatic/pressreleases/10122004">most popular</a> editor according to that press release.</p>

<p>I have nothing against people promoting editing with a text editor (I had a friend who couldn&#x2019;t understand why I used Notepad rather than Word for plain text stuff). But come on, how can I, a Vim user, support a cause with the namesake of a Microsoft product? It&#x2019;s like having an operating system Web ring called &#x201C;Windows Webring&#x201D;. How about the &#x201C;Text Editor Webring&#x201D; for a slightly less product-dependant name?</p>

<p>While searching for a button proclaiming something to the effect of &#x201C;created with XML parser&#x201D;, I came across an amusing post on a random board: <a href="http://www.xtreeme.com/forum/archive/o_t__t_390__generated-menus-not-xhtml-compliant.html">Generated menus not XHTML compliant!</a>.</p>

<p>Oh, and while on the subject of <code>text/plain</code>,</p>

<blockquote cite="http://www.pcnineoneone.com/howto/noaim.html">
<p>Download this article as a self-extracting text file</p>
<div class="meta">
            <p>URI: <a href="http://www.pcnineoneone.com/howto/noaim.html">http://www.pcnineoneone.com/howto/noaim.html</a>
            </p>
          </div>
</blockquote>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-13T18:14:56+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/13/miscellany-in-chronological-order">Miscellany in chronological order</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <ol>
<li>So on Friday at around 9pm I met Summer and Carney at the Exchange. A little while later we got a taxi to <a href="http://kulu.info/">Kulu</a>, which opened at 10pm. Kulu was good, we stayed till the end (6am) and then got a taxi home. It was a very good night. I didn&#x2019;t think I&#x2019;d stay till the end because 8 hours is generally too much for me. But it was good fun.</li>

<li>I was watching UKTV Discovery +1 last night on somebody else&#x2019;s Sky (I was babysitting in Thornton). It was a show about accidents regarding various space-travel&#x2013;related missions. At some point they blamed a particular accident (i.e. three people burning to death while testing a thing with pure oxygen in it and exposed wiring) on &#x201C;engineers who didn&#x2019;t think things through or management&#x201D;. Where the hell were the testers? Surely an engineer would have thought &#x201C;putting people in a pure oxygen environment &#x2026; there&#x2019;s a problem with this plan&#x201D; but if they didn&#x2019;t, good testing would have shown that the thing is likely to combust and thus is not safe.</li>

<li>Since I was babysitting in Thornton till 0am-ish I slept at Davina&#x2019;s. I found a &#x201C;we have your post&#x201D; card hanging out of the letter box saying that they&#x2019;d left it in the fucking recycling bin! How stupid can you get? What if Davina&#x2019;d been away and a neighbour put the bin out for her?</li>

<li>
            <a href="http://www.rednova.com/news/display/?id=126649">Can This Black Box See Into the Future?</a> As much as I&#x2019;d love to believe in the Gaia theory, I can&#x2019;t. This is simply reading too much into the results. The results may be significant by any arbitrary level of significance but unless this machine predicts world events at a fixed interval before the event occurs I will not take any notice of it. It&#x2019;s like the &#x201C;psychic&#x201D; (read: scammer) who tells people to find an old watch that doesn&#x2019;t work and hold it in their hands and they will make it work. For most people it will not work but for some the warmth of their hands will cause the watch to tick for a little while longer. These people will then phone in to the show and everybody will believe the scammer. If they were really psychic they would be rich (due to the huge reward offered to anybody whose psychic powers can be empirically proven) and wouldn&#x2019;t need to go on stupid talk shows to make a little money.</li>
</ol>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-13T17:48:31+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
