<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-03-05 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-03-05 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-03-05.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/05/48">48</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Join Tom Adams on the worst 48 hours of his life.</p>

<p>In the last episode Tom <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/03/04/i-was-physically-assaulted">was assaulted by a terrorist milkshake</a>, <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/03/05/yesterday">had to defuse a piece of coursework &#x2026; badly, was sexed-up by a band of lonely evil dictators, walked into a trap set by a Nazi street sign</a>, and <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/03/05/to-the-anonymous-food-saboteur">had his food sabotaged by gang of who-knows-whats</a>.</p>

<p>Now we join Tom on his forty-first hour:</p>

<p>I just went to the toilet. I pulled my trousers down and the bead from the ring in my prince albert dropped into the toilet. So I put my hand in and got it out. What fun!</p>

<p>Tune in to the next episode of 48 to see Tom create an RDF schema to describe hitting Matt in the face repeatedly.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-05T16:12:29+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/05/to-the-anonymous-food-saboteur">To the Anonymous Food Saboteur</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Why?</p>

<p>Why did you rip open my pack of burger buns spilling them all over the freezer? And why did you rip up some of my bread (leaving it in the packet) and put the pack on the window sill?</p>

<p>If you don&#x2019;t like me, don&#x2019;t be a coward and throw my food about. Tell me. Failing that, just stop touching my food.</p>

<p>I have my suspicions about who it could be (i.e. a certain somebody who likes to throw pasta at the windows and be <a href="/2005/03/02/i-swear-down">overly loud</a>) and I may mention these suspicions when I report this on Monday depending on my mood at the time.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-05T15:37:31+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/05/yesterday">Yesterday</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Yesterday was rather eventful. I started off as usual, reading blogs and eating breakfast. I did an absolutely terrible piece of coursework and handed it in with Will who had made more of an effort. It was a case of either saying &#x201C;fuck it&#x201D; and having done with it or doing it all day and getting very few more marks than I will get anyway.</p>

<p>Then we went to the book sale where I got <cite>XML in a Nutshell</cite> (mmm, cheap O&#x2019;Reilly books). We went to town and I asked about <cite>Mind Hacks</cite> in Waterstones; vastly more expensive than at Amazon. We wondered around town a little more and I showed Will where the Market Tavern is then Will got some playing cards from W. H. Smith.</p>

<p>I missed SDTD by completing my coursework (&#x2026; badly) and when we returned from town we&#x2019;d missed SDP. So I went home and then went to Davina&#x2019;s.</p>

<p>On the way to South Square from babysitting I was calling Davina (looking down at my phone) and I walked into a sign post telling me the hours I could park there. It was a square one so I have a small linear bruise on my left wrist, I also have a painful left big toe-nail and I hit my left nipple with the other side of my arm.</p>

<p>After South Square Davina took me shopping then home. I took my shopping with me to meet Summer as it was 10 and Summer had just called me. I took a nice picture of <a href="/2005/03/05/summers-new-dress">Summer&#x2019;s new dress</a>.</p>

<p>We went to Rios. Will was 19. Some old pervert kept telling Summer she was gorgeous and some younger perverts were pretending to shag me while I was dancing.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-05T12:44:24+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
