<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>Yesterday | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="Yesterday | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/03/05/yesterday">Yesterday</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Yesterday was rather eventful. I started off as usual, reading blogs and eating breakfast. I did an absolutely terrible piece of coursework and handed it in with Will who had made more of an effort. It was a case of either saying &#x201C;fuck it&#x201D; and having done with it or doing it all day and getting very few more marks than I will get anyway.</p>

<p>Then we went to the book sale where I got <cite>XML in a Nutshell</cite> (mmm, cheap O&#x2019;Reilly books). We went to town and I asked about <cite>Mind Hacks</cite> in Waterstones; vastly more expensive than at Amazon. We wondered around town a little more and I showed Will where the Market Tavern is then Will got some playing cards from W. H. Smith.</p>

<p>I missed SDTD by completing my coursework (&#x2026; badly) and when we returned from town we&#x2019;d missed SDP. So I went home and then went to Davina&#x2019;s.</p>

<p>On the way to South Square from babysitting I was calling Davina (looking down at my phone) and I walked into a sign post telling me the hours I could park there. It was a square one so I have a small linear bruise on my left wrist, I also have a painful left big toe-nail and I hit my left nipple with the other side of my arm.</p>

<p>After South Square Davina took me shopping then home. I took my shopping with me to meet Summer as it was 10 and Summer had just called me. I took a nice picture of <a href="/2005/03/05/summers-new-dress">Summer&#x2019;s new dress</a>.</p>

<p>We went to Rios. Will was 19. Some old pervert kept telling Summer she was gorgeous and some younger perverts were pretending to shag me while I was dancing.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-03-05T12:44:24+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
