<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>Friday Q | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="Friday Q | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/05/friday-q">Friday Q</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Hehe: <a href="http://www.wired.com/news/games/0,2101,66225,00.html">Real World Doesn&#x2019;t Use a Joystick</a> (<a href="http://journal.amanita.net/">via</a>).</p>

<p>It&#x2019;s that time of the week again: Saturday. Thus I shall now do the <a href="http://www.blogography.com/fridayq.html">Friday Q</a>.</p>

<p>FQ TOPIC: Sleepy.</p>

<p>FQ1: On average, how many hours of sleep do you get each night? Do you think that&#x2019;s a good number?</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m not sure. But going back to uni after the long holidays has fucked my sleeping up. I keep going to bed late and then failing to wake up.</p>

<p>On Friday I woke up at 0840 when I wanted to wake up at 0800 thus I only had 1.33 hours to get ready and get to KSCP thus I spent almost zero minutes on my computer and zero minutes doing what I usually do when I wake up (reading blogs mainly) and then I only had two hours for lunch thus I only had a short time to do things thus I was Internet-deprived until I got home at about 2200 thus I had an almost depressed day. Internet-deprivation is a terrible thing.</p>

<p>FQ2: Have you any sleep essentials? A nightlight or teddy bear perhaps? Must the door and closet be either closed or open?</p>

<p>My door is closed and locked as I live in halls. My door was closed at my mum&#x2019;s because of the noise at night (mum going to bed) and in the morning (kids).</p>

<p>So no, not really.</p>

<p>FQ3: What do you wear to bed? What color are your sheets? How many pillows under your head?</p>

<p>I wear nothing to bed, my douvet cover and pillow case (at the moment) are white with colourful swirly things and my matress cover thingy is blue with lovely stains thanks to nature&#x2019;s distain at my lack of masturbation.</p>

<p>FQ BIG SLEEP: Share some helpful advice you use when having trouble falling asleep.</p>

<p>I usually just keep trying. Occasionally I&#x2019;ll get pissed off after doing that for several hours and do something like read some more book until I start being more sleepy.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-05T16:25:54+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
