<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-02-01 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-02-01 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-02-01.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/01/saturday-q-and-a-new-term">Saturday Q and a new term</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Yes, I did <a href="http://www.blogography.com/fridayq.html">Friday Q</a> on Saturday (heresy!). But then I forgot about it.</p>

<p>I just watched Team America&#x2014;World Police with Stuart, Niall, Mike, Laura, and Phil. I remembered all their names, I rule. It was pretty amusing.</p>

<p>I almost felt as if I&#x2019;d stepped onto the tips of the hairs of the rabbit being pulled from the hat of the universe, staring into the eyes of the illusionist just now when I thought of how I was last night. I was just concentrating on getting to sleep as soon as possible so I could sleep off the nightmare. I even put myself in the recovery position before I fell asleep (or as close as memory serves).</p>

<p>There&#x2019;s nothing like a nightmarish experience to make one happy to be alive and <em>sober</em>.</p>

<p>Today I went to Introduction to Web Technologies. It was rather boring. Then it was Software Development (Programming) in the same room, that was boring too. Then I went home and slept, thus missing Formal Foundations, which I hear is good. About strings, they say. I hear exciting things will be taught. Then I slept again till just before the film, then I watched the film and came home. Now I shall leave you with my mostly-complete Friday Q&#x2026; from Saturday.</p>

<strong>FQ TOPIC: Tip.</strong>

<p>It&#x2019;s Friday Q&#x2026; but I&#x2019;m doing it on a Saturday. Please don&#x2019;t eat me.</p>

<strong>FQ1: Share a health or beauty tip!</strong>

<p>Eat well. Listen to your body. Drugs are a last resort.</p>

<strong>FQ2: Share a computer or electronic gadget tip!</strong>

<strong>FQ3: Share a travel or transportation tip!</strong>

<p>Always keep paper and a pen near by. Or equivalent. I keep my notepad and a pen with me all the time. You never know when you might come up with a great idea to implement later in code.</p>

<strong>FQ TIPSTER: Got a tip for a classic or vintage CD, movie, TV show, or book we might have overlooked?</strong>

<p>Isaac Asimov&#x2019;s Foundation series. But they&#x2019;re at the end of the Foundation universe. I&#x2019;m planning on reading them <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Foundation_Series#List_of_books" title="The Foundation Series#List of books">in order</a>.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-01T01:02:11+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
