<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-07 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-07 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-07.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/07/17/new-house-barn-fest-and-atom">New house, Barn-fest, and Atom</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>I haven&#x2019;t been blogging lately. Mainly because I have no Internet access at home, which is now a sexy eight-bedroom house I have all to myself (until September, or earlier if people return early to retake assessments).</p>

<p>The house is fantastic. It&#x2019;s pretty old which means it&#x2019;s not some every-room-is-identical affair. In fact you&#x2019;d be pressed to find much in common between the rooms. My room has a huge walk-in wardrobe, Phil&#x2019;s room smells strongly of weed and includes a huge wardrobe with a tie-rack fitted backwards, Stuart&#x2019;s room is enormous, John&#x2019;s room has a huge skylight, <span xml:lang="la">et cetera ad infinitum</span>.</p>

<p>Nothing&#x2019;s perfect here, which makes it all so adorable.</p>

<p>Since, as I say, I have no Internet access I&#x2019;ve been having to use the Informatics computers and come up with other fun things to do at home.</p>

<p>No, only <em>one</em> of those things is masturbating.</p>

<p>I went to Cockermouth with Davina for a short holiday. It&#x2019;s up near the Lake District. We stayed in a fantastic <a href="http://veggielakelandliving.co.uk/">vegetarian guesthouse</a>. It was just a small one, we were the only people there. The proprietor, Anita, used to be a professional cook, which means the food was <em>so</em> good. We also had dinner there each evening. It was the yummiest holiday ever.</p>

<p>We didn&#x2019;t just eat there, oh no, we went to various interesting places, including The Rum Story, which was very interesting. It covered the history of rum from the enslaved sugar cane cultivators to prohibition in the US. There was a great video of rum production on some Caribbean island showing the whole process. They recycle the bottles, which I suppose would work quite well on a small island.</p>

<p>That was our trip.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;ve been swimming on a regular basis. I started about four weeks ago and have been swimming every morning (yes, <em>every</em> morning) since 2005-06-27, about three weeks. I&#x2019;m certainly noticing I&#x2019;m out of breath less frequently and that my body&#x2019;s looking a bit nicer. It&#x2019;s also very enjoyable. Some mornings I have to push myself to get going but it&#x2019;s really good to start off my day with such great exercise.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;ve also been wearing no shoes, which is doing wonders for my posture. And when I wear shoes for too long my lower back starts to ache (which I got sometimes when I wore shoes all the time). Apart from better posture, which is of great worth in itself, I can&#x2019;t say there&#x2019;s any other objective benefits. But it just <em>feels right</em>. I can feel the warmth of the sun on the pavement, I feel the sliminess of wet slate, <em>I can feel my environment</em>. I&#x2019;m also lighter on my feet meaning I can just break into a run for a short period if I&#x2019;m jumping over a puddle whereas with shoes it was more a case of either walking or running with great strain in switching between the two.</p>

<p>I picked up a book on yoga (The Complete Idiot&#x2019;s Guide to Yoga) in a Cockermouth Oxfam (where Davina got a huge kitchen toy) and have been having a bit of fun with it.</p>

<p>The book sale returned yesterday (&#x2764;) as a one-off in the middle of the holiday, which I was very pleased about. I found Martial Arts for Dummies, which is super-double-plus-good. I&#x2019;ve always wanted to practice a martial art (as every geek does) but I&#x2019;ve never got round to it. The book won&#x2019;t teach me a martial art (although it does show a few basic self-defence moves) but it will give me an idea of what to expect of each of the most popular ones, and thus help me choose which one I want to practice.</p>

<p>In books I have also read all but the last chapter of User Interface Design for Programmers, which is a wonderful book.</p>

<p>On Thursday the Blue Boar kids (excluding Amy and including Francis, Janet&#x2019;s niece if I recall correctly) went to Rios to find it closed. So we bought light refreshments (Jacksons were obeying the law and not selling any alcohol after 11) and came back to mine for the first gathering in my new house. Needless to say, a hand of ice was ejected from a window.</p>

<p>Friday night was Barn-Fest, the annual (or is it bi-annual?) barbecue in Owen&#x2019;s neighbourhood. For the first time there was a bouncy castle (courtesy of Jean-Luc), which was so much fun. The band played too. The one with Davina, Alun, Tim, Chris, and Bev. It was the first time I&#x2019;d heard them and they were great.</p>

<p>In terms of computing I haven&#x2019;t been up to much lately (aside from reading). The whole lack of Internet is stunting me a little in that respect, but it&#x2019;s good to get away from the computer once in a while. In fact once I get the Internet back and spend two solid days on it I may see what I can do about cutting down on it (by reading fewer feeds, for a start) so I can do some other nice things in the day because I have been known to spend the whole day online just reading blogs and things linked to from blogs.</p>

<p>There is, however, one computing-related thing I&#x2019;d like to mention: The Atom Syndication Format 1.0 is all-but standard (see <a href="http://atompub.org/">atompub.org</a> for the latest draft). In theory the current draft will be the final draft. My feed is already 1.0 with a few considerations to keep it as compatible with 0.3 as possible. I may blog about that at a later date.</p>

<p>But for now, I am done. Good day, y&#x2019;all.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-07-17T13:45:43+01:00</p>
          <p>Modified: 2005-07-17T15:06:04+01:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
