<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-01-25 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-01-25 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-01-25.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/25/my-canonical-uris">My Canonical URIs</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This morning (it&#x2019;s 04:41 GMT now) I made a major change to my canonical URIs (again). But this time they&#x2019;re almost perfect. I believe they are now as good as they will get for a good while. The only thing likely to change with my URIs any time soon is the domain (which I expect to keep for life&#x2014;which is why I&#x2019;m not rushing out to buy it).</p>

<p>Firstly the path of the homepage of my blog was <code>/sunc.cgi</code>.</p>

<p>Then it was <code>/sunc</code>, which is a whole lot better.</p>

<p>And now it&#x2019;s simply <code>/</code> (the above two correctly redirect to this one&#x2014;even if it was <code>/sunc.cgi/2005/01/&#x2026;</code>).</p>

<p>This will allow me to change to a static archive in the future without altering my canonical URIs.</p>

<p>A canonical URI being, simply, the URI that you want to show to people. Consider <code>
            <a href="/about">/about</a>
          </code>. That is the canonical URI for my about page. <em>At the moment</em> the Web server will return to you <code>
            <a href="/about.html">/about.html</a>
          </code>. I could very well become infatuated with PHP in the next year and decide I want the about page to be generated by <code>/about.php</code>. If <code>/about.html</code> was the canonical path then I have a problem&#x2014;what about all the people with <code>/about.html</code> in their bookmarks or links (not to mention the search engines)? They&#x2019;ll get a <code>Document Moved Permanently</code> (I&#x2019;d put up a redirect&#x2014;some Web &#x2018;masters&#x2019; would leave it and expect people to find their own way there). Now this isn&#x2019;t so bad, or is it? Say I have a few more things I want to change from HTML to PHP&#x2014;my <code>.htaccess</code> file will soon become full of redirects (the <code>.htaccess</code> file for <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/">South Square Centre</a> is full of them and it should probably have more&#x2014;<a href="http://2005/01/18/guess-what-i-was-today" title="Guess what I was today!">but alas</a>).</p>

<p>My <code>.htaccess</code> file will start to collect <code>Redirect</code> directives and it will be a nightmare to keep up-to-date. And this is why I like <code>/about</code>. How do you do this, you ask?</p>

<p>Well &#x2026;</p>

<p>Add <code>Options +MultiViews</code> to your <code>.htaccess</code> file. And that&#x2019;s it. This is, of course, assuming that your server is running Apache and you&#x2019;re permitted to change that particular option. It&#x2019;s generally neater if you put it in the global Apache configuration if possible.</p>

<p>Here&#x2019;s a nice introduction to good URIs by Tim Burners-Lee: <a href="http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI">Cool URIs don&#x2019;t change</a>
        </p>

<p>If you&#x2019;re not already familiar, <a href="http://httpd.apache.org/docs/mod/mod_rewrite.html">mod_rewrite</a> is rather useful for creating &#x2018;cool&#x2019; URIs to cover up ugly URIs. It&#x2019;s not easy to learn (it took me a couple of days to get it working) but it&#x2019;s a powerful tool.</p>

<p>Blimey, it&#x2019;s 05:46 now. Good night.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-25T05:50:13+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/25/ruby-on-rails-etc">Ruby on Rails, etc.</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>The <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a> home page states:</p>

<blockquote cite="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">
<p>Rails is a full-stack, open-source web framework in Ruby for writing real-world applications with joy and less code than most frameworks spend doing XML sit-ups</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Full-stack means nothing to me. Framework could mean anything. Real-world applications? As opposed to fantasy applications?</p>

<p>From the description I know that Rails is something to do with Ruby and the Web. Really helpful.</p>

<p>So earlier today I spent a good while trying to install Rake, Gem, and Rails.</p>

<p>I eventually found <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebian" title="Rails On Debian">this tutorial</a> and <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebianUnstable" title="Rails On Debian Unstable">this slightly more relevant one</a>.</p>

<p>I followed the advice of Rails and gave it a database and stuff. I then created a thing called &#x2018;blog&#x2019;. It didn&#x2019;t work, of course, when I visited the blog thing at <code>/weblog/</code>. It didn&#x2019;t tell me anything helpful.</p>

<p>So I now have Ruby on Rails installed and I&#x2019;m still in the dark as to what it <em>actually</em> is. I <em>assume</em> that it&#x2019;s something like <a href="http://www.zope.org/">Zope</a> that runs on <a href="http://catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/magic-story.html">magic</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>By Space! I just found an amazing Web site: <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/">ABC News</a>. Not a <code>table</code> used for layout in sight! It&#x2019;s not amazing because it&#x2019;s slightly accessible, it&#x2019;s amazing because it&#x2019;s a slightly accessible Web site of a big &#x201C;they&#x2019;ll think what I tell them to&#x201D; corporation. It also tries (but fails) to be XHTML 1.0 Transitional. And if that wasn&#x2019;t enough, it has CSS drop down menus! <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory?id=437251" title="Survey: Users Confuse Search Results, Ads">See</a>!</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>An interesting story about the <a href="http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/mitchell/archives/2005/01/firefox_10_laun_1.html">Firefox 1.0 Launch Day</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I actually found a good theme for Firefox today. So far I&#x2019;ve been using the default theme. It&#x2019;s <a href="https://addons.update.mozilla.org/themes/moreinfo.php?application=firefox&amp;version=1.0+&amp;os=Linux&amp;id=414">Saferfox Xpanded</a> and it&#x2019;s a Cocoa-like theme. It&#x2019;s exactly what I&#x2019;ve been looking for. The theme mostly works apart from a white bar at the bottom of the toolbars and above the tabs.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I also built Firefox today. From source (not from Lego). I tried to compile it for en-GB but it&#x2019;s stuck as en-US for no apparent reason. SVG worked just fine though. The only problem is that the Extensions and Themes dialogs are broken (i.e. no extenstions/themes appear when several are installed and active).</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-25T00:27:57+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
