<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>Ruby on Rails, etc. | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="Ruby on Rails, etc. | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/25/ruby-on-rails-etc">Ruby on Rails, etc.</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>The <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a> home page states:</p>

<blockquote cite="http://www.rubyonrails.org/">
<p>Rails is a full-stack, open-source web framework in Ruby for writing real-world applications with joy and less code than most frameworks spend doing XML sit-ups</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Full-stack means nothing to me. Framework could mean anything. Real-world applications? As opposed to fantasy applications?</p>

<p>From the description I know that Rails is something to do with Ruby and the Web. Really helpful.</p>

<p>So earlier today I spent a good while trying to install Rake, Gem, and Rails.</p>

<p>I eventually found <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebian" title="Rails On Debian">this tutorial</a> and <a href="http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/show/RailsOnDebianUnstable" title="Rails On Debian Unstable">this slightly more relevant one</a>.</p>

<p>I followed the advice of Rails and gave it a database and stuff. I then created a thing called &#x2018;blog&#x2019;. It didn&#x2019;t work, of course, when I visited the blog thing at <code>/weblog/</code>. It didn&#x2019;t tell me anything helpful.</p>

<p>So I now have Ruby on Rails installed and I&#x2019;m still in the dark as to what it <em>actually</em> is. I <em>assume</em> that it&#x2019;s something like <a href="http://www.zope.org/">Zope</a> that runs on <a href="http://catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/magic-story.html">magic</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>By Space! I just found an amazing Web site: <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/">ABC News</a>. Not a <code>table</code> used for layout in sight! It&#x2019;s not amazing because it&#x2019;s slightly accessible, it&#x2019;s amazing because it&#x2019;s a slightly accessible Web site of a big &#x201C;they&#x2019;ll think what I tell them to&#x201D; corporation. It also tries (but fails) to be XHTML 1.0 Transitional. And if that wasn&#x2019;t enough, it has CSS drop down menus! <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory?id=437251" title="Survey: Users Confuse Search Results, Ads">See</a>!</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>An interesting story about the <a href="http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/mitchell/archives/2005/01/firefox_10_laun_1.html">Firefox 1.0 Launch Day</a>.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I actually found a good theme for Firefox today. So far I&#x2019;ve been using the default theme. It&#x2019;s <a href="https://addons.update.mozilla.org/themes/moreinfo.php?application=firefox&amp;version=1.0+&amp;os=Linux&amp;id=414">Saferfox Xpanded</a> and it&#x2019;s a Cocoa-like theme. It&#x2019;s exactly what I&#x2019;ve been looking for. The theme mostly works apart from a white bar at the bottom of the toolbars and above the tabs.</p>

<p>***</p>

<p>I also built Firefox today. From source (not from Lego). I tried to compile it for en-GB but it&#x2019;s stuck as en-US for no apparent reason. SVG worked just fine though. The only problem is that the Extensions and Themes dialogs are broken (i.e. no extenstions/themes appear when several are installed and active).</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-25T00:27:57+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
