<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>Guess what I was today! | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="Guess what I was today! | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/18/guess-what-i-was-today">Guess what I was today!</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Fired.</p>

<p>It was only a voluntary job, but it was still the best damn job I ever had.</p>

<p>My job was to Web master for <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/">South Square Centre</a>. I put a lot of time and effort into it. See <a href="http://lamp.inf.brad.ac.uk:59279/2005/01/2005-01-18_fired.jpg">screen dump</a> from today (my lovely Trinity style!).</p>

<p>I was fired because the trainee curator of the <a href="http://www.southsquarecentre.co.uk/gallery/">gallery</a> apparently has to &#x201C;design and maintain a Web site&#x201D; as part of her training. I personally think it&#x2019;s a bad idea to force people who may know nothing about computers to &#x201C;design and maintain a Web site&#x201D;, especially when there may be better people for the job. If a curator trained at the <a href="http://www.tate.org.uk/">Tate</a> (very popular gallery in London), for example, they probably wouldn&#x2019;t be <em>allowed</em> to create and maintain the Tate&#x2019;s Web site. Why would whatever body is examining Bob expect her to be able to do things in more than one field well? It&#x2019;s like expecting computer geeks to have a thorough understanding of sociology. Curators should <em>curate</em> and Web designers should <em>design Web sites</em>.</p>

<p>I have no ill will towards Bob or anybody else at South Square. I&#x2019;m just a little pissed-off as I&#x2019;m sure is understandable.</p>

<p>I spent so much effort on that Web site. I wrote a CMS, I wrote a Makefile to simplify backups (MySQL and source dumps), compiling (using the Python code to generate a static copy of the data in the MySQL database), uploading and cleaning (deleting everything that can be re-generated). I even did a fucking usability test! Sure the test wasn&#x2019;t very good, but I got <em>vital</em> information from it (the participant thought the &#x201C;gallery&#x201D; anchor would link to a gallery of art rather than information about the gallery).</p>

<p>For completeness: Here&#x2019;s the <a href="http://lamp.inf.brad.ac.uk:59279/2005/01/final_ssq_dump/">final dump</a> of the source and MySQL table. Anything written by me (i.e. the code) is GPL, anything written by others (i.e. some of the site content) is copyright them.</p>

<p>Oh, and I had the Foundations of HCI exam (my only exam this exam period) today. It didn&#x2019;t go too well. Terribly, in fact&#x2014;as bad as my psychology exams went last year and the year before that, I&#x2019;d say. I understand and love HCI but I just couldn&#x2019;t answer the questions, much like psychology. I know and can apply the knowledge but it doesn&#x2019;t come through in my exams.</p>

<p>All-in-all, not a good day.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-18T23:46:39+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
