<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>&#x201C;What I want to do when I grow up&#x201D; | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="&#x201C;What I want to do when I grow up&#x201D; | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/18/when-i-grow-up">&#x201C;What I want to do when I grow up&#x201D;</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Inspired by Buncey&#x2019;s most recent <a href="http://buncimate.blogspot.com/2005/01/when-i-gwow-up.html">entry</a>, I shall now speak at great length (yeah, right) about what <em>I</em> wanted to do when I grew up (I&#x2019;m unsure as to whether it should be &#x2018;grew&#x2019; or &#x2018;grow&#x2019;).</p>

<p>My first memory of &#x201C;what I want to do when I grow up&#x201D; was that I wanted to be an aerodynamic engineer. Probably because at that time I had a preoccupation with paper aeroplanes. Coming to think of it, it was almost like programming. There was a car advert where this man threw a paper aeroplane and it came back to him; he&#x2019;d designed it such that it would fly in a circle and return to him. The concept of aerodynamics fascinated me.</p>

<p>I couldn&#x2019;t help mentioning it: Theme Park. Great game. But I never wanted to be a theme park manager or lay rubber tubing (or tubbing as I referred to it). That&#x2019;s just <em>crazy</em>.</p>

<p>Next I wanted to be a game developer. Probably around the time I was very into Oddworld (i.e. before Munch&#x2019;s Oddysee and before Oddworld Forums imploded). I expect I realised game development involved effort (back then I didn&#x2019;t know about &#x2018;crunches&#x2019; and EA Games). Then I gave up on that idea. I think I was doing very simple things in C and C++ back then.</p>

<p>Then several years past where I had no idea what I wanted to do &#x201C;when I grew up&#x201D;. I wouldn&#x2019;t have minded but those few years included my A-Levels where knowing what I wanted to do could have been useful. In fact when I applied to UCAS for university last December (<em>late</em> December&#x2014;possibly even early January&#x2014;when the deadline was 17 January (2004-01-17)) I applied to several Teaching courses and &#x201C;<a href="http://www.lincoln.ac.uk/courses/interactive-multimedia/index.shtm">Interactive Multimedia</a>&#x201D; at Lincoln University (on the Hull campus). I later regretted this decision and applied through Clearing to the University of Bradford to do Computer Science. I didn&#x2019;t quite have the grades but they obviously had a few spare places, which was good because the first year is mostly below me so the foundation year (which I had the UCAS points for) would have been pure hell.</p>

<p>And do I know what I want to do &#x201C;when I grow up&#x201D; now? I think a career in Web design would be good. Coding. Possibly even some usability work.</p>

<p>At the moment I don&#x2019;t know whether I want to work for a company or work freelance or even start my own small business. The small business idea could be fun. There&#x2019;d be a server running CVS so everybody could contribute to one project without excessive emails of &#x201C;here&#x2019;s the file&#x2026;&#x201D; and there&#x2019;d be a Wiki. But looking past the fun part, it would be difficult to organise and possibly hard to get work. I could always do that as a side job, possibly with a friend or two if it&#x2019;s a big project.</p>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-18T00:40:23+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
