<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-04-05 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-04-05 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-04-05.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/04/05/accesskeys-hate-and-disable">Accesskeys: how I hate them and how I disable them</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Today I was directed to a nice page on the W3C&#x2019;s site: <a href="http://www.w3.org/QA/2002/04/valid-dtd-list.html">List of valid DTDs you can use in your document</a>. Since I <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/04/05/ratpoison">recently switched to ratpoison</a>, I have my display laid out with Firefox taking up the bottom half thus I removed the bookmarks toolbar thus I access the bookmarks menu with alt-b. I wanted to alt-b to the bookmarks menu so I could activate my <a href="http://del.icio.us/">del.icio.us</a> bookmarklet. This is a problem when a Web page defines accesskeys because they override the ability to access menus from the keyboard. There&#x2019;s no issue of me not being able to access links from the keyboard as I have <a href="http://users.tkk.fi/~psillanp/hah_hp/">Hit-a-Hint</a> installed (i.e. I hold the space bar and type a combination of letters to <q>click</q> a link).</p>

<p>From a Web designer&#x2019;s point of view I have decided that accesskeys are good for accessibility in some cases (i.e. users who don&#x2019;t have Hit-a-Hint or similar installed and don&#x2019;t mind having their keys overridden) but I will not implement them until the vast majority of browsers can turn them off easily (i.e. until Firefox adds an option in the Preferences dialog to disable them).</p>

<p>Here&#x2019;s an interesting article on accesskeys and how they hurt accessibility: <a href="http://www.rakaz.nl/nucleus/item/8/catid/4">Leave my keys alone!</a>
        </p>

<p>I&#x2019;ve worked out how to disable accesskeys: go into about:config (i.e. type about:config into the address bar) and set <code>ui.key.generalAccessKey</code> to <code>0</code> (i.e. right-click it &gt; Modify &gt; set it to 0). That disables accesskeys in documents but still allows you to access the menus (you can disable the menu by doing the same thing to <code>ui.key.menuAccessKey</code>).</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-04-05T13:25:57+01:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/04/05/ratpoison">Ratpoison</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>Right now I am using <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/">Ratpoison</a>. It&#x2019;s a window manager. There are no pretty decorations, no wavy-cool menus popping up everywhere. But it&#x2019;s special, and do you know why?</p>

<p>Because&#x2026;</p>

<blockquote cite="http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/">
<p>It is largely modelled after GNU Screen</p>
</blockquote>

<p>I read that sentence and I knew I wanted it.</p>

<p>
          <a href="http://www.gnu.org/software/screen/">Screen</a> is the best thing since, well&#x2026; computers. I don&#x2019;t know how I survived before I discovered screen. My first two commands upon logging into X are <code>xterm -e screen</code> and <code>xterm -e screen -x</code>.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m writing this entry in vim in screen in an xterm in ratpoison in X11. Sometimes it gets a little confusing navigating all my different things. Spending a long time in screen (like I do every day) sometimes makes me use C-A in Firefox to switch tabs, which doesn&#x2019;t work (there should be a screen-alike extension for Firefox). It can get tedious when I&#x2019;m sshed to another host using screen there inside my screen here, which have the same control character because I&#x2019;m too lazy to change it there.</p>

<p>Don&#x2019;t forget to check out the <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/keyboards/">pictures of supported hardware</a> (i.e. pictures of keyboards people use with ratpoison). I especially like the <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/keyboards/009-edi/">datahand</a> and the <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/keyboards/003-rcyeske/">modified Dvorak Happy Hacking keyboard</a>.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-04-05T04:31:31+01:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
