<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>2005-02-21 Archive | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="2005-02-21 Archive | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section">
      <p>Archive of 2005-02-21.</p>
</div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/21/hello-biological-father">Hello, biological father</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This entry contains an open letter of sorts to my biological father.</p>

<h3>The story that forced me to act</h3>

<p>I heard an interesting story over lunch today, which prompted me to act regarding a particular matter (the action in question takes place in this entry). The story goes as follows (names not mentioned to preserve anonymity):</p>

<p>
          <var>Person</var>&#x2019;s dad called her and told her how proud he was of her. Then she told him he couldn&#x2019;t be proud of her because he hadn&#x2019;t been part of her life at all. And then she told him she didn&#x2019;t want anything to do with him at all.</p>

<h3>A little context</h3>

<p>My response to hearing this story was that I was far too polite to do anything like that. Too polite or too socially anxious? Both, I think.</p>

<p>My dad called me yesterday. He asked me if I had a blog. I stupidly said yes and went on to give him the URI to it.</p>

<p>I have decided that it is important to deal with this problem now. Self-respect has overridden politeness (as it should). Although it pains my politeness to do so, I will now deal with the problem. Publically. On my journal.</p>

<p>I&#x2019;m counting on my biological father reading this as I don&#x2019;t have his email address and I don&#x2019;t plan on calling him. By the way, this takes the form of an &#x201C;open letter&#x201D; (although I hate to call it that) because I wouldn&#x2019;t be able to say this.</p>

<h3>README</h3>

<p>Hi, biological father. I have had contact with you only for the tiniest percentage of my life. As a result I know very little of you (for example, I don&#x2019;t even know your middle name(s)). The little contact I have had with you has been negative; I dread communicating with you. In short, <em>I hate you</em>. I do not want you in my life at all.</p>

<p>If you&#x2019;re interested in my life enough to be reading this, why not tell me you&#x2019;ve read it so I have a little conclusion on the whole matter. My email address is on my <a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a> page. I wouldn&#x2019;t bother calling because my telephone skills are worse than my speaking face-to-face skills. Not that you&#x2019;d know that.</p>

<h3>Afterward</h3>

<p>I never wanted to have to say it but I&#x2019;m not sorry for saying it.</p>

<p>I thought I&#x2019;d elaborate on what I meant by negative contact (for the benefit of my readers). So here are some examples of my experience with my biological father:</p>

<ul>
<li>My earliest memory of him is him flicking my ear as punishment. I don&#x2019;t know how old I was at the time but Davina has never physically harmed me as punishment so this came as a big shock to me.</li>
<li>My most recent negative contact was when I was forced (thank you, Davina) to spend a week at his house; it was the second-to-last week of the six-week holidays before I started my A-Levels. I think this can be called the worst experience of my life.
	<ul>
	<li>He made me chop 20 (maybe less, I don&#x2019;t recall) planks of wood before he&#x2019;d give me lunch. My skills have never lied in physical strength so after a long time I managed chopped one and asked for lunch. He said no so I went back outside and cried.</li>
	<li>I helped him do things during the week (such as fit guttering, help him roof his shed&#x2014;he lives on a farm and is a farmer as far as I can tell) and I don&#x2019;t recall him thanking me.</li>
	<li>He let me access the Internet once in the entire week. For about 20 minutes. And he watched me do it. After Sue, Emma and Adam went to some random thing part way through the week (yes, for the last few days I and he were alone in the house) he lied that they must have taken the modem cable with them. He later told Davina that he&#x2019;d done that because I hadn&#x2019;t done enough work throughout the week. I think I did a lot of work compared to the amount of physical labour I usually do. Note that this was a time in my life when I spent a <em>lot</em> of time on the Internet and that the Internet was my <em>only</em> socialisation medium.</li>
	</ul>
I kept a diary when I was at his house. I imagined him finding it while I was there and him getting angry and me stabbing him in self-defence.
</li>
</ul>

<p>I call him my biological father as to call him &#x201C;dad&#x201D; would conjure ideas of family. I used to call him my &#x201C;genetic contributor&#x201D;, which is actually a better term than &#x201C;biological father&#x201D;. I suppose it&#x2019;s just easier to say biological father.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-21T00:51:02+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/21/now-with-atom-0-3">Now with Atom 0.3</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>After getting my <a href="http://holizz.com/2005/02/21/now-with-rss-1-0">RSS 1.0 feed</a> working it was trivial to make my <a href="http://www.atomenabled.org/developers/syndication/atom-format-spec.php">Atom</a> feed <a href="http://feedvalidator.org/check.cgi?url=http%3A%2F%2Fholizz.com%2FIndex.atom">validate</a>.</p>

<p>The XSLT parser kept putting the XHTML namespace in the root element which the validator didn&#x2019;t like. It was a simple matter of skimming the <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xslt">specification</a> until I found what I wanted: <code>xsl:exclude-result-prefixes="xhtml"</code> in the <code>xsl:stylesheet</code> element.</p>

<p>So as with the RSS 1.0, the Atom feed is available <a href="/">here</a> and if your user agent doesn&#x2019;t request a content-type, you can get it <a href="/Index.atom">here</a>.</p>

<p>I was having trouble generating a <code>tag:</code> URI with plain XSLT so I looked around for an <a href="http://diveintomark.org/archives/2004/05/28/howto-atom-id" title="How to make a good ID in Atom">Atom ID HOWTO</a> but then I found <a href="http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/200x/2004/05/28/LinksAndGuids">an interesting article</a> which mentions that <code>tag:</code> isn&#x2019;t a registered schema and argues that if your URIs don&#x2019;t change anyway then there&#x2019;s no need for a <code>tag:</code> URI. As a result my <code>atom:id</code> element contains the same URI as <code>atom:link@atom:href</code> (mmm, pseudo XPath) does.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-21T20:44:23+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/02/21/now-with-rss-1-0">Now with RSS 1.0</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>So I finally got round to making my RSS 1.0 feed validate.</p>

<p>It&#x2019;s available <a href="/">here</a> if your user-agent requests <code>application/rss+xml</code> or <a href="/Index.rss">here</a> if it doesn&#x2019;t.</p>

<p>It even validates. In fact I had it available for a while before it did. Turns out I just had my <code>item</code> elements inside the <code>channel</code>. It took a good while before I worked it out though because none of the RSS validators told me; they just made obscure complaints.</p>

<ul>
<li>
            <a href="http://feedvalidator.org/check.cgi?url=http%3A%2F%2Fholizz.com%2FIndex.rss">Feed Validator</a>
          </li>
<li>
            <a href="http://rss.scripting.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fholizz.com%2FIndex.rss">RSS Validator</a>. This one said it was valid even when the other two disagreed.</li>
<li>
            <a href="http://librdf.org/rss?uri=http%3A%2F%2Fholizz.com%2FIndex.rss">Redland RSS 1.0 Validator and Viewer</a>. This was the most useful because it gave useful information I could use to debug it.</li>
</ul>

<p>I chose RSS 1.0 (RDF Site Summary in this case) because I quite like RDF at the moment. It troubles me not in the least that there are all these incompatible RSS specifications floating about as I neither use RSS (or any kind of syndication) nor do I write an RSS user agent. I just wanted to increase the ways people can read my site.</p>

<p>It&#x2019;s generated using <a href="http://www.w3.org/Style/XSL/">XSLT</a>, no less. I apply a simple stylesheet to <code>Index.xhtml</code>.</p>

<p>Next up: Atom. It shouldn&#x2019;t be too hard, I just have to go off and read <a href="http://www.atomenabled.org/developers/syndication/atom-format-spec.php">the specification</a> and a few examples then I can apply a similar stylesheet.</p>
</div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-02-21T01:56:15+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
