<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head profile="http://gmpg.org/xfn/1 http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/">
    <title>Neil&#x2019;s Meme | Holizz versus the Web</title>
    <link href="/Favicon" rel="shortcut icon"/>
    <link href="/Style/TR/" title="TR" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Fant/" title="Fant" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Style/Classic/Classic" title="Classic" rel="alternate stylesheet" media="screen"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/Index.rdf" title="FOAF" rel="meta" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="DC.rights"/>
    <link href="/About/Copyright" title="Copyright" rel="copyright"/>
    <link href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl" rel="DC.license"/>
    <link href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" rel="schema.DC"/>
    <link href="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" rel="schema.FOAF"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="FOAF.maker"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/" rel="DC.rightsHolder"/>
    <link href="/Search" rel="search"/>
    <link href="/Holizz/PublicKey" rel="pgpkey" type="application/pgp-keys"/>
    <meta name="DC.language" content="en-GB"/>
    <meta name="author" content="Tom Adams"/>
    <meta name="DC.title" content="Neil&#x2019;s Meme | Holizz versus the Web"/>
  </head>
  <body id="holizz-com">
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        <a href="http://holizz.com/">Holizz versus the Web</a>
      </h1>
      <p id="tagline">A journal about my life with a little XML thrown in for good favour.</p>
    </div>
    <ul id="main-nav">
      <li id="skip">
        <a href="#content">Skip to content</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/">Weblog</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Feed">Feed</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Archives">Archives</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/Holizz/">Holizz</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="/About/">About</a>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div id="content">
      <div class="section entry">
        <h2>
          <a href="/2005/01/16/neils-meme">Neil&#x2019;s Meme</a>
        </h2>
        <div class="section entrycontent">
        <p>This meme sponsored by <a href="http://www.neilturner.me.uk/2005/Jan/15/meme_a_trois.html">Neil</a>.</p>

<p>3 names you go by:</p>
<ol>
<li>Tom</li>
<li>Holizz</li>
<li>Holly</li>
</ol>

<p>3 screen names you have:</p>
<ol>
<li>Everywhere: holizz</li>
<li>Everywhere else: holizz</li>
<li>University: tadams2 (bloody generated username)</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things you like about yourself:</p>
<ol>
<li>My overall fantasticness</li>
<li>Geekyness that goes above and beyond the call of duty</li>
<li>Prettyness</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things you <del>hate/</del>dislike about yourself:</p>
<ol>
<li>Social anxiety</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ol>

<p>3 parts of your heritage:</p>
<ol>
<li>Don&#x2019;t</li>
<li>Understand</li>
<li>Question</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things that <del>scare you</del> <ins>make you anxious</ins>:</p>
<ol>
<li>Specific social situations</li>
<li>Townies</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ol>

<p>3 of your everyday essentials:</p>
<p>
          <ins>Ambiguous question</ins>
        </p>
<ol>
<li>astro, my desktop</li>
<li>Coding</li>
<li>Food</li>
</ol>

<p>3 things youre wearing right now:</p>
<ul>
<li>Earrings, translucent purple 5/8 inch silicon eyelets</li>
<li>Trousers, purple with plenty of pockets</li>
<li>T-shirt, white Pink Pineapple Palaeoscincus</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite bands/artists <ins>at the moment</ins>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cradle of Filth</li>
<li>Dimmu Borgir</li>
<li>Nightwish</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite songs at present:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cradle of Filth&#x2014;Lord Abortion</li>
<li>Dimmu Borgir&#x2014;Progenies of The Great Apocalypse</li>
<li>Cradle of Filth&#x2014;Cruelty Brought Thee Orchids</li>
</ul>

<p>3 new things you want to try in the next 12 months:</p>
<ul>
<li>Learn another language or learn more of a language I already know.</li>
<li>Contribute something (software, probably) useful to the world. I think I&#x2019;m at a point where I can write something useful (wasn&#x2019;t my Gravatar cache useful? Apparently not as nobody used it) or at least contribute something useful to an existing project.</li>
<li>Enjoying a completely new field that I haven&#x2019;t tried before (i.e. outside of computing). Inside computing, artificial intelligence would be an interesting field to study. There&#x2019;s a module on it next year, I shall probably take it&#x2014;the final-year AI For Games is sponsored by Microsoft so I probably won&#x2019;t touch it with a barge pole unless I suddenly develop an intense interest in AI and games (which I could learn about from a million other sources&#x2014;and I probably will at some point).</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want in a relationship (love is a given):</p>
<p>
          <ins>Any particular variety of relationship or just in general? Just in general then.</ins>
        </p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding</li>
<li>Fun</li>
<li>Meaningful conversations</li>
</ul>

<p>2 truths and a lie:</p>
<ul>
<li>I am considering getting a vertical bridge piercing</li>
<li>I am considering writing a Pygame-based clone of Oddworld: Abe&#x2019;s Oddysee/Oddword: Abe&#x2019;s Exoddus</li>
<li>I am considering installing Microsoft Windows as my main OS</li>
</ul>
<p>Go on, guess.</p>

<p>3 physical things about a love interest that appeal to me:</p>
<ul>
<li>Body modifications</li>
<li>The size of their &#x2026; flash disk</li>
<li>I ran out of sensible and ironic answers</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you just can&#x2019;t do:</p>
<ul>
<li>Use Java. It&#x2019;s painful and frustrating</li>
<li>Be needlessly mean</li>
<li>Spend more than 10 minutes installing software using floppies. It just irritates me so</li>
</ul>

<p>3 of your favorite hobbies:</p>
<ul>
<li>Coding</li>
<li>Learning</li>
<li>Dancing</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want to do <del>really badly</del> right now:</p>
<p>
          <ins>If I wanted to do something really badly I&#x2019;d have done it by now.</ins>
        </p>
<ul>
<li>Eat. I&#x2019;d love a bagel. But I ate them all last week.</li>
<li>Have a shower &#x2026; soon.</li>
<li>Install NetBSD on my laptop. After my shower.</li>
</ul>

<p>3 careers you&#x2019;re considering:</p>
<ol>
<li>Web programming. Coding all day. Good fun</li>
<li>Web usability. Less fun than pure coding but still good</li>
<li>Miscellaneous programming. Not for Electronic Arts though</li>
</ol>

<p>3 places you want to go on <del>vacation</del> <ins>holiday</ins>:</p>
<ol>
<li>I don&#x2019;t mind where I go on holiday as long as I get to code and learn</li>
<li>But I wouldn&#x2019;t mind going to Sweden or</li>
<li>Finland</li>
</ol>

<p>3 kids&#x2019; names (either boy or girl):</p>
<ul>
<li>Holly</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
<li>Hmm</li>
</ul>

<p>3 things you want to do before you die:</p>
<ul>
<li>Self-actualise. I may or may not have already self-actualised. At the moment I spend all my time doing enjoyable things that I like doing, including learning. So maybe I am self-actualised. I haven&#x2019;t taken the time to ponder about that lately.</li>
<li>Contribute lots of useful software (and maybe other stuff like a book) to the world.</li>
<li>Learn new things: specifically I want to learn more psychology and another language to a level where I&#x2019;m almost as good as a native user of the language.</li>
</ul>

<p>3 people who have to take this quiz now (unless you&#x2019;re too chicken!):</p>
<ol>
<li>I&#x2019;m</li>
<li>Not</li>
<li>Forcing &#x2026; anyone</li>
</ol>
      </div>
        <div class="meta">
          <p>2005-01-16T19:53:41+00:00</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <address id="meta" class="meta vcard">
	  By <a href="/Holizz/" class="fn">Tom Adams</a> (<a href="/Holizz/Contact">contact</a>).
	  <a href="/About/Copyright">(K) All rights reversed</a>.
	  <a href="/About/Conformance">Valid Everything 1.0</a>.
	</address>
  </body>
</html>
